Everyone In America Would Be Better Off If We Soaked The Rich: "While conservatives warn that higher tax rates on the wealthy will hurt so-called “job creators,” economists point out that higher taxes and economic growth can go hand-in-hand.
Because people never actually tackled progressive taxation, they never adequately explain why progressive taxation is important. Please allow me:

Firstly, it's important to note that money is nothing more than a symbol, an idea. It might sound strange, but one dollar is not worth one
 dollar - that dollar bill you're holding is nothing more than a piece of paper, virtually worthless. It only has worth because we, as a people, give it worth. We say that that piece of paper is worth one "dollar", a universal unit in trade, to save us the hassle of bartering.
 The important part being, that piece of paper is nothing, other than what we as a society decide it will be, for the benefit of our society. That's how money works.

Secondly, and I know this sounds like double-speak, but one dollar does not equal a hundred cents. Mathematically, it absolutely is, but effectively, it couldn't be farther from the truth. Walk into a dollar store with a penny and try to buy 1/100th of a candy bar. Go into McDonald's with a dime and try to get 1/10th of one of their dollar menu items.

Basically, the less money you have, the less effectively you can use it, and this scales all the way up. If you make enough money to afford a
 car, you don't have to go to the shitty grocery store across the street, and can head to one with better prices that's out of walking distance. If you make more, you might be able to afford a Costco membership, and buy your groceries in bulk sizes, which is a lot cheaper. And maybe you can trade in that shitty used car that was all you could afford before for something that gets more MPG and doesn't require costly repairs every six months. And instead of buying a cheap pair of sneakers you'll have to replace in a half a year, you might be able to buy yourself a decent pair of shoes that'll last you a few years. In many cases, you end up paying less in the long-run by paying more in the short-run.

So having more money means you can use it more effectively, giving you more bang for your buck. But it also gives you more opportunity, and
 not just opportunity to lead a better life, but more opportunity for upward-mobility.

Think of the costs associated with getting a job. To work in fast food, you presumably need some clean clothes, maybe a bus pass. To be able to shop around for a better employer, you'll need decent, reliable transportation. To get a better job, you might need better clothes, a cell phone, a computer with an internet connection... and moving up the scale, you need a college education... and for that, you're looking at tuition, books, and the costs associated with spending the amount of time it takes to get through college without a well-paying job.

If you can barely afford the clothes on your back, you'll be lucky to
 be earning minimum wage... and maybe after a few years of scrimping and
 saving, you'll be able to get a car, and have some slightly better options. If you have a decent income, you have a much better opportunity
 to get a college degree in a high-paying field, or work your way up the
 corporate ladder.

That's not even getting into the facets of your life that indirectly affect your job opportunities. If you're wealthier, you have better legal options, which means that you're less likely to be convicted or spend time in prison, even for committing the exact same crime as a poor
 person. You have better medical coverage, which means less time spent having to call in sick to work, and being more fit also makes you a more
 appealing job candidate. There are even some ties between level of income and access to a nutritional diet - low-income folks generally eat
 shittier food because they can't afford to buy healthier food.

This isn't a fluke. It's how money works - the more of it there is, the more powerful a force it is, even proportionally, and the easier it is to get more of it.

However, there's another side to this too. The more money you have, the more expendable any portion of it becomes, even proportionally-speaking. Let's look at three guys, Allen, Billy, and Charlie. Allen makes $20K a year, Bill makes $200K a year, and Charlie makes $2 Million a year. Each is taxed at 10% of their income... but as need to happen sometimes, the taxes need to go up. Let's say they double, so it's 20% now - the same for all three, right? Hell, it's harder on the richer, because they're paying more money than the poor guy! But in actuality, it's the poor guy who's sacrificing the most because of this, because so little of his income is expendable. Now Allen needs to decide between paying the rent and paying for food. Bill needs to hold off on that family vacation to Europe he's been planning. And Charlie... well, Charlie will gripe about the number in his bank account being less than he'd like, and then he'll go and buy his twelfth
 Ferrari anyway.

Remember how I said "money only has worth because we, as a people, give it worth, for the benefit of our society". That money you supposedly "own" isn't even really property, it's an idea used to facilitate the operation of a healthy society, and it does so by making an easy, simple conversion of property into a common exchange value. But
 since its very nature is uneven and broken, it needs to be addressed as
 such. And since a 10% tax hike on someone earning $20K is not the same as a 10% tax hike on someone earning $2 Million, for the many reasons I've just stated, we have progressive taxation, where the wealthier you are, the greater a portion of your income you contribute in taxes.

To take this to an extreme, if there was an across-the-board tax of 50%, with wages in America what they are now, the wealthy would still be
 living comfortably, the middle class would be scraping by... and the poor would starve to death. Treating everyone the same is not fair.

Republicans and those aligned with them like to paint this in a way that's essentially "ganging up on the rich people", "punishing" them for
 "success". However, if you treat everyone the same, make everyone pay a
 flat tax rate, then you are punishing the poor, who are less able to afford it. And it's easy to point at the numbers and turn them into a picture that shows the terrible burden the wealthy have to pay thanks to
 progressive taxation... but the truth of it is, the reality those numbers translate into is one where the wealthy can afford to contribute
 more, without any noticeable change to their lifestyle, and it's not just because they have more to give, it's because the fact that they have more makes them less dependent on it, better-able to acquire more of it, and less affected by its loss (again, even by proportion).

That is why any reasonable capitalist society taxes the rich progressively more than the poor. It's not to "punish" anyone for success, it's because the nature of money makes it far more invaluable by proportion to the poor than it is to the rich.
Ubisoft Requirements for the same game.., and this is probably a joke, but there it is :


Blatantly lying to the customers ("fps and resolution are just a number", false promises over graphics etc.)
Caters to consoles and doesn't care about PC (trade deals with Microsoft of Sony to fuck over other platforms)
uPlay is the worst platform and DRM, just downloading your games is a challenge in and of itself
Terribly optimised games (which leads to these requirements)
Offers pre-purchase and Day-One DLC
Prefers making Day-One DLC over actually getting the game to work on launch.

If
 I could travel back in time I would go back and roundhouse kick myself in the head. I'm sorry dad, I know you did your best to support us.
I reckon this'll get buried, but I hope at least one young person reads this and benefits from it.

LPT: Learn to forgive your younger self for mistakes like this.

I've noticed a tendency among intelligent, introspective people who demand a lot out of themselves...I call it the 'horror movie highlight reel.'  Many Redditors probably know the drill: torture yourself by watching and re-watching memories of some horrifically embarrassing mistake from the past (like OP's).  It doesn't matter how long it's been, how young you were, how good your intentions were, etc..the torture continues pretty much forever.

I know, because I'm in my mid 30s (and am by any measure a pretty successful dude) and I still have to remind myself to let go of this shit almost every day...even things from literally 3 decades ago.  It can skew your assessment of self worth, strip you of confidence, and generally rack your brain with doubt, guilt, and self-loathing.  Not good, for people who want to actually do shit with their lives instead of being a prisoner in/of your own head.

Don't gloss over the lessons learned.  Take them on board and make yourself better.  But if perseverating on them is making you worse (and not better), stop.  It's OK.  Everyone fucks up - ESPECIALLY those not afraid to dare.
Avengers: Age of Ultron Trailer - Official - Marvel 2015  - [2:17]
My first-reaction analysis:


A few other comments have noted that the music playing in the background is "I've got no strings on me" from Pinocchio. In that original Disney movie, Pinocchio is forced to sing that very song on stage as part of a freak show. Now watch the trailer again at (0:32). Notice how Ultron (looking rather shabby) walks forward onto an open area with what looks like curtains in the background. The shot cuts to the Avengers all watching this unfold from a balcony above Ultron. It's very much like a staged performance. This is pretty direct visual nod to
 "I've got no strings on me" in a trailer which already incorporates verbal and musical cues from the song, strengthening the reference.
We already know from previous interviews and articles that Stark builds Ultron to give the Avengers a break from saving the world, in other words, a puppet. The new bit of information we get from this trailer is that Ultron is gonna flip that script on the Avengers. Instead of Ultron being the puppet, he reverses that notion by saying to
 Stark and Co., "You want to protect the world, but you don't want it to
 change. You're all puppets, tangled...and with strings". This line is clever in establishing that "strings" to Ultron are motivations, the things that make us tick. Thor wants to save Jane AND save Nine Realms, Cap wants to preserve liberty AND keep people safe, Stark wants to be a superhero AND a playboy. As Ultron points out, our countless motivations
 are oftentimes at odds with each other, leading to a "tangled" situation. Since Ultron has no moral compass (he's just a computer program) and a singular goal (Stark programmed him to save the planet), he's never "tangled" like us humans (especially individuals like the Avengers with enormous responsibilities). As Ultron puts it "I've got no
 strings on me". Its remarkable the twist Whedon put on the Pinocchio theme. He turns a song originally about being free to pursue a full life
 (albeit with the dark undertone of naivete and being taken advantage of) and spins the same message into a 3-dimensional motivation for a supervillain like Ultron. Hats off to Joss.


Wow. I did not plan on that going on as long as it did. Holy shit its 11pm. Bed Time. Over and out, thanks for reading.

Edit: grammar

Edit 2: Got that gold for days...
Afraid to Ask Andy - Reddit is hard to follow sometimes.
It's
 depressing. The only group in this entire affair with a genuinely positive agenda are the ones being ignored. The people who simply wanted
 more journalistic integrity. Sounds like a reasonable request. Nothing wrong with that whatsoever.

They wanted GamerGate to be a movement that shook up the gaming media, made them rethink their ethical stance (some of them did, but did
 it rather quietly) and gave us all more reason to trust the articles we
 read, safe in the knowledge that the writer has no personal or financial connection to the product he or she is reporting on.

The only people who could possibly have any problem with this are the
 guilty parties, so what's the best plan of action? Simple. Change the fucking subject. Use the exact kind of unethical behaviour people are unhappy with to spin the entire thing around.
 People send death threats all they time. They're assholes and deserve to be punished to the full extent of the law. It was always going to happen, GamerGate or no GamerGate, but if they can somehow pretend it's directly related to the cause, they can shift the focus away from themselves and onto their own fucking readers.

Now all they have to do is get a few vocal and well-known supporters who are desperate for attention to believe this is the case and watch the entire thing snowball.  Some misleading and badly researched coverage from Upworthy and MSNBC should help. Suddenly GamerGate is about keeping women the fuck away from games, and all of the female gamers who support it are simply, uh... men in disguise? That'll do, it doesn't have to make sense. 

Write an article a day on oppression of women and it's obviously going to get page views, because it's an issue people care about. People
 like the evil fucking gamers who click the links and provide them with advertising revenue.
 Hooray! Suddenly Kotaku, Polygon, Gawker, et al. are the heroes! Fighting away hordes of scumbag male gamers in order to keep women... alive, or something? Doesn't matter, the point is the ladies are safe. Probably... I mean, they seem to be getting more death threats now than before this whole thing started, but y'know. Whatever.

And what of journalistic integrity? Not necessary. Just don't question it. Definitely don't try to use the term GamerGate to announce your support of it, because that makes you a rapist.
Avengers: Age of Ultron Trailer - Official - Marvel 2015  - [2:17]
Yo dawg, I heard you like Iron Man suits...
Christian finally proves that God ABSOLUTELY exists, using science. See stunning results here...
I feel dumber for reading this but here goes.

Claim:


Can you really believe that your perfectly designed body evolved from re-arranged pond scum?


Logical Fallacy: Personal Incredulity

Longer answer: You can learn how the urinary tract develops. For more specifics on how it probably evolved, talk to an evolutionary biologist.

Claim: 


The Bible is another way you can know God exists. The Bible claims it is the Word of God.


Logical Fallacy: Begging the Question or Circular Reasoning

Longer Answer: There is no reason to accept the premises unless one already believes the conclusion. The premises provide no independent ground or evidence for the conclusion.

Claim: 


it's many prophecies have come true, and it's historical accuracy has been confirmed by archeology time and time again.


Ok, this is not a logical fallacy.  It's just an outright lie.  Name one prophecy that was specific enough to be tested for accuracy that came true.  I'll name one that didn't: 

Mathew 24:34 "Truly, I say to you, this generation will not pass away until all these things take place."

This was a specific prediction of when the 2nd coming of christ would be.  That generation has passed.

Claim: 


the power of the Gospel Message in people's lives.


Logical Fallacy: This is trifecta!  Bandwagon, Anecdotal, and Appeal to emotion

Longer version: Anecdotes about how someone believed something outrageous and their lives got better doesn't make the outrageous belief
 true.  It doesn't matter how much their lives got better or how many people can tell that heartwarming story, these anecdotes are not proof of a claim.

Claim:


Love has no place in evolution.


Logical Fallacy:Personal Incredulity

Longer answer: A nice, albeit long, writeup can be found here..
 Basically, humans evolved as a social animal. Genetic programming of emotional responses is part of what evolution developed to strengthen social bonds. Love is an example of one of these emotional responses.

If this response is too succinct for you to understand, go to the longer version in the link.

Claim: 


Personal experience is a way I know God exists. 


Logical fallacy: Anecdotal

Longer answer:  Your personal experience might be convincing for you, but it's totally unconvincing to me.

Claim: 


Romans 1, God says He gives all men overwhelming evidence of His existence.


Logical Fallacy: Begging the Question or Circular Reasoning

Longer answer: The bible claiming there is convincing evidence isn't convincing evidence.  

Claim:


So, all 'atheists' are lying. They already know God exists.


Logical fallacy: Straw Man

Longer answer: You wanting me to believe doesn't make me believe.  You wanting to argue with a believer that doesn't accept their belief doesn't make me that person.  If you are making up someone to argue with, that someone is a straw man.  Your straw man has nothing to do with me, and everything to do with you - he's your straw man, you made him up.

By the way, I'm being generous here in assuming that your position is
 made up of mostly logical fallacies, rather than outright lies.  Well, one of the claims is an outright lie, but I'm giving you the benefit of the doubt for the rest of the claims.

Now pardon me while I go off and read some astronomy, hopefully reviving some brain cells that were stunned into inactivity by the OP's onslaught of dumb.
Peasants are getting desperate. Repost from /r/starcitizen

15 The console market is huge


But is still dwarfed by PC when all console markets are combined and compared to the vast number of PC users.


14 Cross platforming


Do you want slaughtered peasants, cos that's how you get slaughtered peasants.


13 Supportive Console Devs


So supportive that they charge devs for title updates. Please.


12 Skittish Console Fans


Does wishful thinking land Sony exclusives on PC platform too?


11 Largest Crowdfunding


This just goes to show how big PC gaming is, not that console development ought to be funded by vast PC player support.


10 Consoles Have Better Spec-to-Performance Factor


I just shot coffee out of my nose.


9 Many Star Citizen Investors Are Console Users


I'm sure many of them are automobile drivers too, but it's completely irrelevant when the pitch was made for a PC-only game.


8 Testing The Potential


If you want to test what next-gen is capable of, first try getting console exclusives to 1080p and 60FPS.


7 Utilizing Kinect


No.


6 Utilizing the PS4 Camera


Please stop.


5 Consoles Need A Space Exploration Game Too


No Man's Sky doesn't count?


4 Project Morpheus


Oculus Rift.


3 More People, More Fun


That's especially true when more of them are 12 year olds that fucked my mom.


2 The DualShock 4


Already possible on PC.


1 The Consoles Are Capable


OK
Sergeant-at-Arms Kevin Vickers enters the Commons to a standing ovation  - [4:11]
All of us who were locked down in GoC buildings yesterday are back at work today, and proud of it.
PokeCenters throughout the years
Gotta quarantine 'em all. Pokébola.

Edit: Giving gold will help send out vaccinations to pokemon trainers across viridian. Thank you, kind soul.
Economists
 Say We Should Tax The Rich At 90 Percent: "A 90 percent top marginal tax rate doesn’t mean that if you make $450,000, you are going to pay $405,000 in federal income taxes. Americans have a well-documented trouble understanding the notion of marginal tax rates."
Sure

Each year, the IRS allows every person to make an unlimited number of
 tax-free gifts to as many individuals as they want, so long as no-one person receives more than the limit for that year. In 2014 I think it's 14,000, but it typically goes up due to inflation, so you have to check each year.

That means that if I am a Mega-Millionaire, and I have 100 friends, I
 can give each friend 14,000 and I pay no taxes on each gift. (EDIT: And
 if you are married, you can combine your tax superpowers and give each person a 28,000 gift instead)

You also have an amount called your unified credit. This is an amount
 that every person has to offset BOTH gifts made during their lifetime AND their estate when they die.

I think currently the amount is around 5.3 million dollars.

So here's how this works.

Lets say Junior REALLY wants a new Italian sports car, but it costs 314,000 dollars.

You can gift him the 314,000 dollars, and what ends up happening is first you deduct the 14,000 for that year, and now you are left with 300,000 that you owe gift taxes on. What you do is file a gift tax return and use your unified credit to offset the tax. So you end up not paying taxes, and your unified credit goes down from 5.3 million to 5 million.

Now lets say 10 years later you die with an estate worth 7 million dollars. Provided that you have NO OTHER means of reducing your estate tax liability, what happens is that the remaining 5 million dollars of your unified credit reduces the estate to 2 million dollars and thus your estate must pay taxes on 2 million dollars.

Of course, people often have means of reducing their liability. For example, there is an unlimited Marital Deduction, meaning that you don't
 pay estate taxes on virtually all property you transfer to your spouse (the logic being that the government will take their cut when the spouse
 dies).

What is even cooler is that if your spouse dies, you can make an election to transfer all their unused unified credit to the surviving spouse, and they keep that amount unless they get married, which then gets tricky.

So lets say you have an estate of 5.3 million dollars. You can transfer that all to your wife upon your death tax free and then she can
 elect to transfer your lifetime credit as well, giving her a total of 10.6 million dollars she can basically shield from tax (provided she doesn't remarry).

It's obviously more complicated than that, but that's the gist of what you need to know to have a basic understanding of how this all works.
As a husband and brother I still haven't learned to do this
Aight
 listen up, you've pulled a n00b move and dismissed the person's problem
 instead of validating them. They think their problem is the worst thing
 in the world right now, and trying to convince them otherwise isn't going to help. But don't worry, you can still save the situation and maybe score some anal sex later on. Observe:

"I'm sorry hun, it's going to be ok"

"No it's not!"

"Why?"

"Because this is the worst thing in the world and things are never going to get better!"

"Oh sweety, come here. Look, you're right, this is horrible. I'm so sorry you have to go through this. It must be hurting you so bad, but you're doing so well. Other people would've crumbled, but you've been handling it like a pro. I know it probably doesn't feel that way, and I know you're scared/upset/angry. But you're not in this alone. I'm here, and I'm going to do everything I can to get us through this. Even if the
 worst happens, I'm still going to be here. We're a team, and I've got your back. If it's you and me against the world, then so be it. Now dry those pretty eyes and let me pound that fart box."

You're welcome. 
This is how these incidents should be covered.  - [2:07]
This is what I've been trying to say all day, and it's great to hear that it said so well.

I sincerely hope the rest of your media and government as a whole follow this example.  Focus on the good, mourn those hurt, and to hell with the son of a bitch who did it.  I don't want to know his name, I don't want to see his face, I don't care what his reasons where.   

Let him be forgotten, and don't give him the glory of recognition or fear.
Well... I don't know how much more detailed I could provide
Halfa-If 3 confirmed.
This is how these incidents should be covered.  - [2:07]
http://i.imgur.com/bn72CyG.jpg
Crazy how times have changed. [Pokemon]
Jesus, Marie
'Canada will never be intimidated,' PM Stephen Harper addressed the Nation.
How
 do we show we are not intimidated? By maintaining our freedoms, being even more welcoming to people. Basically, by being more Canadian than before.
Avast Antivirus Was Spying On You with Adware (Until This Week)
http://imgur.com/a/t8wLr

EDIT: Thanks for the gold.

EDIT 2: I'm getting a lot of responses for help. I probably can't fix
 everyone's problems, but VLC does have an extensive support site you can check here.
Republican
 accidentally tells the truth about Obamacare "It was that he admitted the law has made 'real improvements in people’s lives.' And even in his effort to clean up his comments, he again implicitly admitted this to be
 the case, ..."
This is sad.  You cannot be a major GOP representative and believe or support the truth on a variety of issues.

40 years of proof that cutting taxes for the wealthy and corps. benefits no one but the rich and corps. and does not trickle down?  Nonsense, it is the ONLY tax policy they will consider.

97-98% of climate scientists agree the earth is warming and it is most definitely due to human activity? No it's not, or maybe it is but its natural, or maybe it is but china won''t do anything so we shouldn't
 either.

Demonstrable evidence that educating young people on birth control and making birth control available lowers rates of teen pregnancy?  Abstinence only education please.

1 in 3 women have an abortion at some point in their lives?  Ban it/make it harder to obtain.

Voting is one of the most inalienable rights guaranteed by the constitution?  Make it harder.

Planned parent hood predominantly provides cancer screenings and birth control and is used by 1 in 4 women at some point?  Get rid of it.

I could go on...

Edit: Thanks for the GOLD kind stranger!
Put the money in the bag senpai~~~ (◕‿(◕‿◕)‿◕)
I'm honestly just surprised it went that downhill that fast. I'll keep the comment up though as a symbol of my eternal shame.<br>
   Edit: Holy shit, Gold? I never thought I would get gilded for a out of place Reggie reference. I guess you could say my body wasn't ready Please don't kill me... 
If you go North long enough you'll be going South, but if you go West long enough you'll still be going West.
Uh well you see, no it isn't. 
As
 a Canadian and a devout Muslim who hates ISIS and loves his country, I could never feel like I belong anywhere in the world more than here. I love you Canada
Here's
 why i'm responding to you first. there's so many reasons why I love you
 dude. Number one, you get exactly where im coming from, number two, you
 get why Canada is Canada and we're brothers now in that regard. And three...you seem to be a fan of Jake the Snake/Wrestling fan like I am :D 
Avengers: Age of Ultron Trailer - Official - Marvel 2015  - [2:17]
The CSS that you don’t know about.
that runs on a VM written in CSS using radio buttons

EDIT: holy shit, reddit gold. thanks a ton!
The CSS that you don’t know about.
Built with responsive PerlOnaRail.js scalable client side by a rockstar
Hang in there, Canada.
As
 a Canadian I appreciate the sentiment, but I have to say, in my opinion
 the best way to deal with this nut job is to do nothing.  Don't change our lifestyles, don't pass new laws and don't bomb anyone.  He's dead, let justice rule the day, not vengeance.
Grandpa takes a really big bong hit.
A new pope has been chosen!
The King of Random shows us how to make a rocket that flies over 2000 feet up for $0.50 a piece  - [5:54]
Thanks for the Tips.

I made now my own Rockets.
Since you mentioned that they could explode if the pressure isn't right,
 i wanted to use a Cellphone for a Remote Ignition of these Rockets, not
 sure yet if i keep it like that.

Then a brilliant idea came in my head, what if i strap these rockets on myself, and use it as a form of transportation? 

I have to use a little stronger power, but i'm pretty sure that it will now be enough power to blow myself up.

http://i.imgur.com/vNf0Duc.jpg
Racist city sightseeing tourguide at her last working day  - [2:34]
This
 is a guess, But I think it's when Ricky Gervais was doing the goldenglobes, making loads of actors awkward. It was fantastic.

edit: Found it! - http://youtu.be/mXQShfw0EKg?t=4m32s

Downvotes are cool too, I guess. I was just trying to help.

WTF!? Gold? The post was on -3 karma when I posted the link. Now that
 was a pretty neat surprise, Thank you anonymous gold donor.
Is Coca-Cola as acidic as my teacher says?
Introduction

OP asked for the pH of an internationally known beverage (Coca Cola).
 Although redditors delivered answers, empirical evidence for the stated
 fact was not provided, nor were peer-reviewed sources cited. Therefore,
 we set up a simple experiment to answer OP's question.

Materials and methods

The beverage was obtained in the cafeteria of the faculty of chemistry and biochemistry. It was opened and 50 ml were transferred to a
 beaker. Since pH is temperature-dependent, the temperature of the beverage was measured with a fine-scale thermometer and the pH meter was
 adjusted accordingly. 

pH was determined with a lab grade pH meter (Knick, Germany) as well as with indicator strips (Merck, Germany). The digital pH meter was calibrated with two buffers, pH 4 and pH 7.

Results

At a temperature of about 12 °C (54 °F), the pH of the beverage was determined to be 2.56 with the digital pH meter. The measurement with indicator strips gave a value between 2.5 and 3, validating the original
 measurement.

Figure 1

Discussion

The study finds that Coca Cola has a pH of 2.56, which is in the acidic range. These results are in line with values reported previously in the literatur 1,2 and back the statement by OP's teacher. However, this does in no way address any claims regarding postive or negative effects on human health, as this was beyond the scope of this study.

References
 1 Chin
 TW, Loeb M, and Fong IW (1995): Effects of an acidic beverage (Coca-Cola) on absorption of ketoconazole, Antimicrob Agents Chemother (39): 1671-1675.
 2 Johansson
 AK, Lingström P, and Birkhed D (2007): Effect of soft drinks on proximal plaque pH at normal and low salivary secretion rates, Acta Odontol Scand (65): 352-356. 

Edit: 

Acknowledgments

The authors thank the anonymous redditor for the gilding.

Edit 2: 

Addendum
Upon re-reading of the manuscript, the authors noticed two mistakes:


A volume of 75 ml, not 50 ml, were transferred to a beaker.
The correct pH is 2.52, not 2.56. However, a ΔpH of 0.04 can be considered negligible.


Edit 3:

Wow. Thanks. That was a surprise when I opened reddit this morning.
Avengers: Age of Ultron Trailer - Official - Marvel 2015  - [2:17]
NSFW (sex)

Black Widow and the Hulk's romance might be interesting.

Edit: People are asking for the source of the porn part. Here it is (uncolorized). NSFW SO NSFW

NSFW http://www.tube8.com/hardcore/stafani-sierra/1025171/ NSFW 24:15
I wonder what the Sith equivalent is.
Only a Sith deals in absolute positioning?

Tip o' the fedora for the gold!
Shots fired at Parliament in Canada
I
 feel incredibly sick. This truly enrages me. We generally aren't an overtly patriotic people, but we are protective and proud of our soldiers.

Canada is known as an open and welcoming country, and our places of government are just the same. The fact that this person took advantage of that fact makes me so angry. 

If this person is a Muslim radical, as the hit-and-run perpetrator was in Quebec, then... I don't know what to say. This aberrant extremist
 group's disgusting ideals of hatred and murder must be stamped out, somehow, just as Nazism in Germany was, otherwise it will continue to spread like a disease.

EDIT: In my community, we are not as traditionally patriotic as Americans are (you wouldn't see us wearing Canadian flag matching unitards for example...not that that's a bad thing). It's more of a quiet, humble pride. Perhaps in other communities it's different. Either
 way...it doesn't matter.

I have never felt personally wronged in this way before - I feel as if someone has stolen something from me. They had no right.

We Are Canadian, and we will be strong. 
Shots fired at Parliament in Canada
That's
 just god damned retarded, speaking as a Canadian.  Someone should remind them that 26 Canadians died on 9/11.  9/11 was our 9/11.
Shots fired at Parliament in Canada
I
 worked in the Ceremonial guard for 2 summers, stood at that exact spot many times. The bayonets are dulled and kept spotless, it's just another
 part of the uniform. 


learned on the way home from work that Cpl. Nathan Cirillo lost his life today. His post was a position of honour, guarding the tomb of those who gave the ultimate sacrifice. He will be welcomed among them as
 a brother. 

ASSUMING DIRECT CONTROL (Harbinger ginger bread house)
You were baked because we allow it. And you will be delicious because we demand it.

Edit: Gold? Much appreciated whoever you are! That's my favorite line from the entire series anyway hahah
The only thing I could think of in light of recent events.
Radical fucktards can find any reason to hate anything.
Shots fired at Parliament in Canada
Just to paint a picture of my country for all the reactionaries, bigots, and general assholes out there:

I'm sitting in my Student Building at a college campus in Ottawa,
 and we have white people, black people, asian people, arabic peoples of
 all religions and socioeconomic status (you would call it community college in the US) and there is no hatred or racism flying around: everyone is sitting together in support and solidarity, reassuring each other, sharing the news, and trying to make light of the situation where
 appropriate.  

That is worth defending; throwing blame around, jumping to conclusion, or proposing retaliation is exactly what I'm not proud of my country and fellow countrymen for.  

It's not like this all over Canada - we have our bigoted areas too, but that isn't the Canada I'd like to be in the coming weeks.  Remember:
 this country is so damn awesome because it's built by the hands of many
 cultures.  We're not perfect at it, and we've got a long road as far as
 some things go (historical and present treatment of aboriginals, for one), but I never want to stop holding up multiculturalism as a value.  

Don't give in to the vitriol and anger.  We're better than that, and have to be strong now: if Canada can't be an example of compassion and appropriate restraint to the world, who will be?  

EDIT: Thanks for my first Reddit Gold (twice!), internet strangers!  I'm truly glad it was for something meaningful and not just a joke I made somewhere :)  
Fuck the divorce court system and women like her.
Wife: "I'm going to need money to help support the kids and my lifestyle, I'm used to around $2,100 a month."

Husband: "Your honor, I agree that she is used to $2,100, but I am used to fucking her at least 3 times a week, so I'm going to need some pussy payments, you know, to maintain my lifestyle."
Happens every time.
'Oh welcome to Skyrim! Try alchemy, friend!
We've powerful potions, if you want to spend!
There's 'Warrior', 'Glibness', and 'Lockpicking' too -
A potion for me, and a potion for you!

'We've potions for knights, and a potion for health!
For strength and for poisons, enchanting, and stealth!
I make them for shock, and for plunder, and cold,
Then trade them for books, and for armour and gold!

'I've potions for magic and lightness of feet!
For two-handed weapons, with dragons to beat!
I bake them and take them, and when they're all stored...
I've no fucking room for my magical sword.'
I'm creating and arcade dogfighter with a focus on tight controls. It just went up on kickstarter.
Awesome! Yeah I think its way more fair to let people get an impression of the game before asking them for money.  

EDIT: Using this comment for visibility:  

The game is called Air Brawl. 

Here are some weapons from the game:
The Anti Aircraft Anchor
The Batapult
Gravity bomb
Sniper rifle  

Here is the kickstarter
You can try the game out here!
Shout-out to R/AirBrawl  
British Woman Spends Nearly £4000 Protecting her House from Wi-Fi and Mobile Phone Signals.
Ionizing
 Radiation is what is dangerous.  Ionizing means it ionizes the atoms it
 collides with, making them bond completely differently.  If the atom was in your DNA, suddenly your DNA doesn't behave like it did and if the
 difference is just perfectly wrong (and doesn't kill the cell, like normal) it can result in cancer.

The three most common types of Radiation are Alpha Particles, Beta Particles, and Gamma Particles.  Alpha Particles are basically Helium nuclei (two protons, two neutrons) they are (comparitively) large and so
 are easily blocked (the layer of dead skin on your body, a sheet of paper, etc) but can be very damaging if allowed to collide with living tissue.  Beta Particles are basically high energy Electrons, they are much much smaller and can pass through some parts of skin, again they are very damaging if allowed to get inside your body.  Gamma radiation are Photons, or simply Light.  

All light is Radiation, but not all Light is ionizing radiation.  The
 point where it becomes dangerous is the point where the waves become small enough to start penetrating (dead layer of) skin and interacting at the molecular/atomic level.  This is what UV is and why we wear sunscreen.  UVA is the larger wave UV (larger wave = less energy = less dangerous) the lower end of UVA can't penetrate skin but may harm your eyes and lips, the upper end of UVA can cause some light sunburn through
 skin.  UVB (smaller and higher energy) is much more dangerous as it penetrates the top layer of skin and does more damage, this is the primary cause of skin cancer and why you need Sunscreen.  Upper UVA and UVB are normally blocked by glass.  UVC is even more deadly but water is
 opaque to it, so our atmosphere (Ozone and moisture in air) blocks it.  

After UVC is Xray, then at the very high end of the spectrum Gamma Rays (not to be confused with Gamma radiation as a whole).  Xrays pass through a lot of stuff which is why they are used to make "X-ray" scans of your bones.  Gamma passes through even more things but when the photons collide they can cause all kinds of damage, often creating cascades of Beta particles by knocking electrons free from atoms.  Gamma
 rays are the single most powerful forms of energy in our universe (I think?).

So will your router, or cell phone, give you cancer?  No.

Both run on a wave length much smaller [larger wave length, less energetic, sorry for the oops was writing this while working] than the light bulbs in your living room (incandescent even, I know CFLs use UV light that is then fluoresced, which can give you cancer if the coating is not present).  Those wave lengths will have to COOK YOU through heat before they can give you cancer.  So unless your cell phone is baking you like a turkey, you're fine.

Those wave lengths aren't ionizing.

TL;DR:  Light Radiation is like this:  [Radio - Microwave - IR - Visible - UV - Xray - Gamma Ray]  Only UV and up is Ionizing and will directly give you cancer.
Your pet will probably get over it
My cat has three legs. KARMA PLZ!!!
EDIT: Obligatory "Thanks for the gold!"
Doug was actually thrown out of a moving car on the highway as a kitten and broke his little arm so badly that they had to amputate, but now he's a fat and happy little bitch that can never get enough attention.
I found this kitten behind a school and cut its leg off with a dull Swiss Army knife.
Can someone at home post some in-game details for us at work?
Perk Deck: Hitman

Basic Recovery: Your armor recovery rate is increased by 5%

Helmet Popping: Increases your headshot damage by 25%

Ambidexterity: You can dual wield two weapons. These can be found under the Akimbo tab in the inventory menu

Blending in: You gain +1 increased concealment. When wearing armor, your movement speed is 15% less affected. You gain 45% more experience when you complete days and jobs.

Advanced Recovery: Your armor recovery rate is increased by an additional 10%, but you lose 10% armor.

Walk-in Closet: Unlocks an armor bag equipment for you to use. The armor bag can be used to change your armor during a heist. Increases your ammo pickup to 135% of the normal rate.

Expert Recovery: Your armor recovery rate is increased by an additional 10%, but you lose 10% armor.

Fast and Furious: You do 5% more damage. Increases your doctor bag interaction speed by 20%.

Tooth and Claw: Your armor recovery rate is increased by an additional 10%, but you lose 10% armor. Your stability penalty with akimbo weapons is set to 50% and increases the ammo capacity of your akimbo weapons to 125%. Deck Completion Bonus: Your chance of getting a higher quality item during a PAYDAY is increased by 10%.

New knife stats: Ursa Tanto Knife

Damage: 20(80)

Knockdown: 16(40)

Charge Time: 2.0s

Range: 185

Concealment: 30

New pistol stats: Chimano Compact

Magazine: 10

Total Ammo: 150

Rate of Fire: 670

Damage: 18

Accuracy: 10

Stability: 3

Concealment: 30

Threat: 4

The new mods are:

Barrel Ext:

IPSC Compensator: +6 accuracy, -3 stability, -1 concealment

Roctec Silencer: -4 damage, +3 stability, -1 concealment, -4 threat

Champion's Silencer: -2 damage, +2 accuracy, -3 stability, -2 concealment, -4 threat

Facepunch Compensator: +5 damage, -2 accuracy, +5 stability, -1 concealment

Gadget:

Micro Laser: no stats affected

Combined Module: +3 stability, -2 concealment

Grip:

Laser Grip: +2 accuracy, -1 concealment

Platypus Grip: +5 stability, -1 concealment

Lower Receiver:

Striking Body Kit: +2 Damage, +3 stability, -1 concealment

Magazine:

Striking Mag: +5 stability, -1 concealment

Slide:

Striking Slide: +2 damage, +2 accuracy, -3 stability, -1 concealment

The Chimano Compact also accepts standard issue suppressor, size doesn't matter suppressor, monolith suppressor, asepsis suppressor, flash hider, tactical pistol light, pocket laser, and pistol red dot sight.

I won't be able to look at the stats for the akimbo weapons, because I
 don't have the perk points to unlock them. The weapons stats I have posted are all before any skill bonuses. Let me know if you have any more questions.
Shots fired at Parliament in Canada
The calm, reasoned voice of Peter Mansbridge is a national treasure.
I'm
 the frozen candy dispenser guy, and thought as OP I should deliver, so here is a video of the candy being dispensed. Enjoy!  - [0:42]
He
 has to manually stimulate his dog to the point of climax/ejaculation. After a few hours of doing this, there's enough sperm to fill a bowl and
 feed to his cat. As I'm sure you know, ejaculate is high in protein, as
 well as a good source of vitamins and minerals, similar to breast milk.
 Interestingly enough, some of the first settlers in America had to do this on their journey over. They would jack off the livestock to feed their children, especially young mothers who stopped lactating due to sea sickness. 

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Drain_the_Main_Vein
Shots fired at Parliament in Canada
Take down the link for the Ottawa university so we don't crash the site. The students are in danger and need the site.
Shots fired at Parliament in Canada
EDIT REDDIT LIVE IS POSTING

EDIT FOR LIVE COVERAGE: CBC per      
Kitchen
 Nightmares UK is a great show where Ramsey seems to actually care and want to help. He might be a bit more abrasive, but at least he actually works out the fundamental problems with their business.

Kitchen Nightmares US on the other hand is.... Well it's terrible. It follows almost the exact same formula for each episode.

Ramsey walks into restaurant

Everyone greets him 'chef Ramsey' as if he was awarded the title by the fucking queen.

Ramsey: 'I'll have the two dishes you really shouldn't be fucking up.
 Since you're an Italian restaurant I'll have a Pizza and the Lasagna.'

Embarrassed server: 'Yes chef Ramsey. Thanks chef Ramsey.'

Narrator:'Will chef Ramsey like the Pizza? Will the server ever not be embarrassed? Find out after the break.

Commercial break

Narrator:Before the break chef Ramsey ordered the Pizza and the Lasagna. Will he be satisFIED, or satisFIRED.

Embarrassed server: He wants Pizza and Lasagna.

Owner of restaurant: I DON'T KNOW HOW TO MAKE FUCKING PIZZA YOU STUPID BITCH CUNT.

server cries

Narrator: Chef Ramsey just ordered Pizza, but this Italian chef doesn't know how to make Pizza. See what Ramsey thinks of this after the
 break.

Commercial break

Narrator:'Before the break chef Ramsey ordered the Pizza and the Lasagna, but for this ItaliCAN restaurant that's an ItaliCAN'T.

Embarrassed server comes in and tells Ramsey the bad news

Ramsey:The fuck do you mean the chef can't cook pizza, this is a bloody blimmin' bloody Italian reeeeeeeeeestaurant. Go get the Chef.

Embarrassment intensifies

Narrator: The Italian chef can't cook pizza, chef Ramsey is mad for obvious reasons. Will he have a quiet word with the chef? Find out after
 the break.

Commercial break

Narrator: Before the break we saw basically no new information. Will we actually progress through the show before the next commercial break? Find out after this commercial break.

Commercial break

Ramsey: You can't even cook a fucking Pizza? You're an ITALIAN RESTAURANT! You should be ASHAMED.

Owner/headchef/porter/budding bankruptcy enthusiast: Yeah, the fuck do you know you British dickhead. Mama mia.

Rage intensifies

Lots of knife sounds and close ups. Ramsey crosses his arms and/or takes off his shirt to put on chef gown thing

Ramsey: Your menu is too large. Make your menu smaller.

Owner: But everyone loves this menu!

Ramsey: You literally have no customers. Stop being retarded.

Owner/headchef/porter/budding bankruptcy enthusiast: Yeah, the fuck do you know you British dickhead. Mama mia.

Narrator: The Owner is being a dickhead and hates chef Ramsey. After the break Ramsey buys him an entirely new kitchen worth $50K. How will he react?

Commercial break

Narrator: Coming up Ramsey buys him an entirely new kitchen worth $50K. How will he react?

Owner: You know what, chef Ramsey. I had you all wrong. You're actually alright now you've bought me a shit load of things.

They hug and make up

Ramsey: How about I go around town telling people that we're filming my show in your restaurant so that people come to it temporarily?

Owner: Sure. That's a sustainable business model.
Shots fired at Parliament in Canada
I have a live feed going here: http://www.reddit.com/live/ts4r8m1g99ys/

Let me know if you want to contribute and we can keep it up to date.
Wonka on America's Capitalism
What
 pisses the hell out of me is people who say that the free market sucks and—at the same damn time!—support the very policies that stifle competition and allow companies to lobby the government for special favors.

I just want to grab them and scream: "You! You are the reason we have this interventionist, corporatist system."

The worst is the utter inconsistency. If you ask people: "Should we give huge subsidies to corn producers?" they'll say "Of course not! Corporate welfare!" But then you ask them "Don't you want to protect American farmers from foreign competition? It'll create jobs!" and they say "Hell yeah!"

Or you ask them, "Do you think the government should ban Uber and Lyft from operating?" and they say "Of course not! It's blocking innovation!" But they you ask them, "Should the government abolish all regulations on taxis?" and they say "No, these drivers will 'gouge' everybody, there will be too many taxis on the street, the drivers won't
 make a living wage!"

Or take all the people who hate health insurance companies and then support Obamacare, which is a huge bonanza for health insurance companies. It goes on endlessly.

Corporate interests can't just brazenly show up to Congress or the state legislature and say: "I want taxpayer money for no reason at all. Give it to me!" The lobbying works because voters support the resulting policies. They like it that way. And it's not because they've been somehow duped by the big businesses: the "liberal" (interventionist) and
 traditionalist thinkers, who influence the moviemakers and the newscasters, support these things too. That's the real cause: ideology.
Congress to the FBI: There's 'Zero Chance' We'll Force Apple to Decrypt Phones
Uhh,
 no. MOST of the 'boomers (like myself) remember things like no ID's needed for schools, or metal detectors, or when you could sell your return airplane ticket and didn't even need ID to purchase a flight, didn't have to identify yourself to any asshat pig with a little
 dick in his trousers and a BIG chip on his shoulder.. it's not 'old' people that got us shoved in this shithole, but craven, money and power-hungry assholes. Assholes who exploited the latent ease of living in the 70's to 90's  - when the communists were vanquished, Ronnie Raygunz made America strong and China became our Most Favored Trading partner.. Then, when a bunch of stateless criminals knocked down two of the tallest buildings in America and we lost our shit - up stepped the same groups of decrepit farts who were playing the same games as Kissinger and Nixon only on a grander scale, and decided to go public with the Project for the New American Century, which they hatched
 up in the early 90's.

Don't worry though, there are many of these 'Boomers who have proteges exactly your age just waiting to step up and take their place in the Global Domination Game. 

Edit: Thanks for the Gold, whomever kindly bestowed it!
I Hate Puzzles: Am I Still A Programmer?
I
 was never good at puzzles, got bored with them after trying to solve them after a minute or two. But I had a great career in programming.

The difference between solving problems (in the programming world) and solving puzzles is that the latter are designed to obfuscate, to have the appearance of illogic, to not make sense. Further, there are no
 tools to help, nor can you really experiment (if I change this what happens to that).

So as far as I'm concerned, one has nothing to do with the other. Don't sweat it.
British Woman Spends Nearly £4000 Protecting her House from Wi-Fi and Mobile Phone Signals.
I
 like how she carries around a wifi detector so that she knows exactly when to feel ill and when to feel fine. Someone needs to swap it out with on that never detects signals then she would feel fine all the time.
Can
 somebody give me an intuitive understanding of Sine, Cosine, Tangent and perhaps Cotangent, Secant, Cosecant in such a way I won't forget?
Sometimes, visualizing the problem helps. A lot.
Most teenagers pull their phones out of their pockets to check the time. We are reverting to the era of pocket watches.
It's over 9:00pm!!!
Do you think the current console generation will last as long as the previous one?
I
 hope not, current consoles are underwhelming both feature wise and hardware wise. It's not that they can't compete with PCs, I don't think anybody seriously complains about that, it's that these consoles can't even do HD properly. You've still got developers justifying their 30fps with shit like "it's more cinematic". The entire selling point of last generation
 was that it was HD. This generation can't even get it right. Last generation the pissing contest was "HD is 1080p" and this generation it's "you don't even need that because it makes it not look like a movie
 shot on centuries old tech with built in faults like motion blur to make movement look fluid set to an arbitrary frame rate because when they added sound (?!) to movies they needed a set frame rate and 24 was the most economical choice."

I guess what I'm saying is, these consoles are extremely underwhelming for someone that has owned all previous major consoles and
 I'm actually peeved that developers will hamstring production on my platform of choice (PC) because the slow lane can't compete. I mean, I'm
 considering buying a 1440p 144hz monitor but one of the reasons in the "con" column is that I can't count on developers to make use of even 1080p and 60fps because they need to justify sub-HD a decade after HD consoles were announced and hyped as "true HD". It's just fucking bananas.
Windows 10 is almost here...
You guys want to talk Windows 8 problems?
OK here's some problems.
Quick glossing over - Metro is ugly as old-man balls and confusing for new users and most Windows machines don't have touchscreens. Great. Done.
Now:
First, a simple exercise; Do this (without using command line tools because that's actually more logical now):
Add a user. Then remove that user. That's all I want you to do. Then explain to me how that process makes any gosh-darned sense at all.
- The inclusion of Metro is a partially complete state has led to an unintuitive, clunky mess. Either put all the access options and functions in Change PC Settings and Control Panel, or put them all in one and remove the other. Some in either place is stupid. Just stupid.
- Microsoft Frickin' Account lock-in. There's no need to near force people into creating a Microsoft account and log into their computer with one. That's just another username/e-mail address/password nobody wanted. It also randomly an occasionally locks people out of their comptuer because there's been "suspicious activity" on their account and
 thus they need to log into the Microsoft website and reset their password. So how does someone log into the Microsoft website to reset their password if they can't log into their computer because their Microsoft account is locked?
Hmmmm.
...and fuck you if you figure out how to log in with a local account. Any time you try to open a Metro app it'll try and get you to switch to logging in with a MS account. For every single app. It does it when you upgrade for 8.0 to 8.1 as well.
- There are three functionally different version of Windows 8 in the wild. Windows 8.0, Windows 8.1, and Windows 8.1 Update. Updating from 8.0 to 8.1 breaks stuff reasonably often and yet it still pops up full screen reminders to get people to do it. You can't even download the 8.1
 update to do offline. You have to do it through the App store. Why?  Because fuck you, that's why. Tell me how to shut down a Windows 8.0 computer. Then tell me how to shutdown a Windows 8.1 Update computer. Do
 the same for forgetting a saved wireless network between 8.0 and 8.1 Update.
- With default settings the search function searches online as well as your computer. Want to run 7Zip? great! Here's 10 links to dodgy-ass malware/adware infested websites hosting "7Zip Free Downloadz!" You can turn this off. But would regular-Joesephine know how? Nope.
- The App store was a totally worthless junkyard until recently. Now it's just a mostly worthless junkyard. Kudos, Microsoft, I guess.
- Secure Boot! I almost forgot about Secure Boot. There are machines out
 there that have no option to disable secure boot. You have to boot into
 Windows and tell it to reboot to Advanced Boot mode then tell it to boot into UEFI/BIOS settings if you want to change your BIOS settings. Not that it's very helpful because you can't change the boot order (say if you want to boot from Linux or a CD or a Flash Drive or whatever) without disabling secure boot. To be fair various manufacturers configure secure boot and their UEFI differently, and the ones I've seen
 that were totally locked had BIOS updates, but the fact this even happened at all because of Microsoft and Windows 8 grates my knuckles. On a rusty cheese grater. Oh, and it was cracked before 8 even came out so it's nearly completely useless.
- Not necessarily having access to your Windows 8 key and needing humpteen different discs. With OEM Windows 8 your key is in the UEFI. There are utilities that claim to be able to extract these keys but they
 don't work with Retail discs anyway. You've got to use the OEM disc. Not only that, you've go to use the Windows 8.* version that came on the
 machine otherwise it doesn't recognise the key. Want to clean install on a laptop with a dead harddrive and no recovery media? Install 8.0. Install approximately 1GB of updates. Install 3.7GB 8.1 from app store. Install another GB of updates. Install 900MB 8.1 Update. Install another
 600MB of updates.  A day later you might be able to use your computer for a while without it bugging you to install more updates. Oh, and if you install the first set of 100 or so updates after 8.1 all together, it'll fail, undo them all, and leave you scratching your head until you realise you need to install the updates in two separate attempts. This isn't a one-off. This will happen on every single 8.1 clean install, and
 it won't get fixed. Ever.
-You know what OS works properly in comparison? Vista. You want to install Vista? You get the Vista install disc. You run it. It asks for your product key. When you put in the product key it detects the correct
 version and installs it. You wait a while. You put in a username. You pick the picture of the kitten or you have no soul. You install Service Pack 1 (freely available for download). You install Service Pack 2 (freely available for download). Options don't move or change. Functions
 don't diasppear. You install 300-400MB of updates. You play fucking Solitaire without needing a Microsoft account to install it.

In short, Windows 8 is an ugly, unintuitive, monopoly-serving, patchwork, IT nightmare and I'd rather have Vista.
At lot of this can be said for 10 as well, but at least I have multiple desktops, I guess?
HowToBasic has reached a tipping point and we should be fearful
The
 progression of HowtoBasic's insanity is interesting, he started off just opening doors and picking up waterbottles, then came along the egg and everything changed, the egg drove him slowly more insane as he felt every egg on Earth needed to be destroyed, he began to develop a bipolar
 personality between his increasingly disgusting tutorials and his hatred for eggs, soon it began to consume him and he stopped wearing clothes, he began using his bodily fluids to desecrate whatever recipe he believed he was creating and he lost almost all recollection of humanity. Some say that he lives alone in the middle of nowhere, making his home look like something a normal person would live in to try and recover those last shreds of what of he once was. All i know is that he is making a fuckton of money from youtube 

Edit: Obligatory thanks for gold kind stranger 
Most teenagers pull their phones out of their pockets to check the time. We are reverting to the era of pocket watches.
The "iSay"

Wow, gold! Thank you mysterious gift giver!
[Humble]
 Humble Flash Bundle: Extra Life (PWYW for Potatoman Seeks the Troof, Trove Beta, Defiance Starter Pack, Lone Survivor, Twitch Turbo Sub, Reddit Gold, Landmark 1-Week Beta Access, $6 - King Arthur's Gold, You Don't Know Jack, Speedrunners, RIFT, $13 - Nom Nom Galaxy, +3 King Arthur's Gold)
Reddit gold:
ODJ#-EHMSO (replace # with fortissimo)
Trove closed beta:
QM6R-N3LW-KTC7-"RW-J6RW (replace " with the base unit of mass)
Defiance:
F2PX-FJYE-Q7YY-%EM-QWYG (replace % with the initials of electric guitar)
Landmark: HA7M-EFVE-7&amp;2-PP64-UXTP (replace &amp; with German WW2 airborne infantry rifle)
The
 Obama administration has until early December to detail its reasons for
 withholding as many as 2,100 graphic photographs depicting US military torture of detainees in Iraq and Afghanistan, a federal judge ordered on
 Tuesday.
Most
 of reddit hates SRS most of SRS hate the majority of redditors. It really is a vicious cycle that doesn't address the root of the problem, and further enables this hate-machine.

Feminism is inherently beneficial to society and it's core values support equality for all people. However, "feminists" have become synonymous with the nutjobs/self-proclaimed "SJWs" posted to /r/tumblrinaction 

It gives the true feminists who support ideals of equality, empowerment, tolerance, and acceptance so much of a higher hill to climb.

Extremism in most forms rarely solves problems, and ruins it for the rest of the group they identify with. I'm strongly disappointed in the MRA and feminist extremists who do nothing but create more hate. It's a damn shame.
The
 Obama administration has until early December to detail its reasons for
 withholding as many as 2,100 graphic photographs depicting US military torture of detainees in Iraq and Afghanistan, a federal judge ordered on
 Tuesday.
The
 politicians are just the public face of a soulless death machine. By encouraging people to vote in a popularity contest they're only letting you chose who's smiling face you'll see when you're getting fucked against your will. You're not cynical.
The
 Obama administration has until early December to detail its reasons for
 withholding as many as 2,100 graphic photographs depicting US military torture of detainees in Iraq and Afghanistan, a federal judge ordered on
 Tuesday.
It'll
 be the same argument that it was in 2009 and that it has been since: showing evidence of awful things they did will make people more angry at
 the US, and that makes the US and its soldiers more vulnerable to retribution.

"I can't tell anyone what I did because then they'll be mad at me." Sounds like the rationale of a six-year-old but for some reason the courts are alright with it.
The
 Obama administration has until early December to detail its reasons for
 withholding as many as 2,100 graphic photographs depicting US military torture of detainees in Iraq and Afghanistan, a federal judge ordered on
 Tuesday.
Haha!

Tell that to Romney.  You have one candidate who was trying for a public option for healthcare, wants $10.10 minimum wage, is open to Wall
 Street regulation as shown by passing Dodd Frank, etc.

And yet he's exactly the same as the guy who wants privatized healthcare, to stagnate minimum wage, and has no intention of favoring unions?

I don't get it, show me where the Republicans were touting minimum wage like Obama.

God damn bullshit used to get you stop voting and to polarize elections.  It's a ploy to get more far right guys in office because you
 say "I want Sanders, if he isn't in then I could care less who it is."
'Why is the world allowing a holocaust to happen again?' Brave North Korean shares harrowing story of escape - Independent.ie
True
 but IRRELEVANT. People said over and over after WWII "if we had known about the camps we would have entered the war much earlier." That was the lesson from WWII. Here we are and everyone is downplaying it "US didn't care about holocaust"... 

Because we didn't know and it was a hard lesson to learn. The lesson was that you have to fight evil before it grows into a tumor that you can't even see.

edit: and for the people who keep saying "well we know about plenty of terrible things and don't do anything about it"--you are forgetting the many times the US actually did do something about a humanitarian crisis. Just today the US dropped packages of medicine and food for Kobani Kurds. How about Kosovo/Bosnia? How about the Korean war (where we saved millions from being under the NK deathcamps)? How about Vietnam (where after the US left millions of non-communists were massacred and the North Vietnamese helped create the
 Cambodian genocide; we left because the draft was unfair to citizens and TV showed us the harsh reality of war but there were consequences and we did all we could). Finally, even in Afghanistan, the people there
 have finally voted in free elections for the first time in a long time (and hopefully stays that way).
It was so windy in England today that this waterfall ceased to exist.  - [0:49]
Waterfail

edit: hilarious! Gilded and my highest comment... for a pun. Reddit amazes me sometimes. Thank you to the gilder, though - very kind of you :)
It was so windy in England today that this waterfall ceased to exist.  - [0:49]
I'm with you man.  They're fucking gold.
2
 guys pretend to serve pure, organic food to people on a food convention. They realy just serve them McDonalds. The reaction of the "experts" is priceless.  - [3:36]
How else did we expect the high-end food experts to act?

throws food on the floor

"Is this shit MacDonald's?"

"N-no."

"Don't play that shit with me! I know when my bitch-ass is eating mickie d's!"

"But s-sir, it's organic."

"Organic, my ass, you little shit!" slap

Edit: I have been gilded?! Thank you very much for the gold!
ladies of reddit, you the real MVPs
i
 notice people just slipping by your suicidal comment.   brother, if you
 need help, i can help you get it.  not sure how, but if you need something, message me and i'll do the legwork for whatever city you're in.  

suicidal means you're not thinking too clearly most of the time.  you
 need help.  you really do.  please get it.   jobs can be changed.  friends can be changed. but if you die, that can't be changed.
This is incredibly impressive
see,
 I'm waiting for the future where we replace heavy and shitty, fall-apart textbooks from the 60s with cheap, simplistic, shock proof tablets for every kid. Wifi built in, you get your books, your worksheets, your assignments, all on the tablet, which you can hand in anywhere you're connected. All the apps you need, from calculators to global maps, to videos and walkthroughs, all on your half-pound tablet. Use a stylus and do your homework right on the screen. Miss a day of school? Download the assignment at home. Share notes with your schoolmates with bluetooth. You could even attend a class remotely, press a "raise hand" button and wait in a queue to get answered. All work is saved in the cloud, or a removable built-in, waterproof thumb drive if needbe.

All the shit that ruined your back carrying around because running to
 your locket wasn't an option in the 3 minutes you had to get to next class is no more. No more missed assignments, no more forgetting your shit at home, no more dog eating your homework. Every school desk could even have a recharge pad built in, so that you recharge your tablet simply by sitting down. I'm picturing one belonging to a grade 7 girl, with a strap loop and fuzzy keychain on it, with stickers stuck on the back of it, she can just grab and take with her wherever, like out in a park while it's raining, under an umbrella, or on a swingset, doing your
 homework, not having to sit at a poorly-lit desk splayed with papers and shit. Yknow??

Restricting chatting is as simple as just not having any sort of IM app. No cameras, and no saving of files that aren't authorized or documents, so nothing illicit happens. I mean we all ready have chromebooks, this can't be too far off?

If schools can give every kid a fucking useless ipad, they can afford
 a cheap $80-$100 tablet and forego textbooks. Imagine, all your school supply money replaced with that, and it could last for years. I mean, in
 a system where people still aren't sure whether to teach kids evolution
 I think this is a bit of a pipe dream, but who knows. Maybe eventually.
It was so windy in England today that this waterfall ceased to exist.  - [0:49]
Water you waiting for?
The internet has been slow at work the past couple days
Fuck, I'm not witty enough for reddit gold. Now I'll have to wait for my pages to load like a goddamn peasant.

Edit - No fucking way someone actually popped my reddit gold cherry. Thank you kind stranger! Reddit, you're a strange animal, but I like you.
My buddy just texted me a bunch of Your Mom jokes.
I would say burn...but she already kinda did
I read this somewhere a while back and discovered it's true.
Yeah you messed up there. It's "Will I not get gold?" 
Chris Christie: 'I'm Tired Of Hearing About The Minimum Wage'
A Republican is tired? Try being a working person, gov. 

Christie has a poor memory if he hasn't noticed long term wage compression. Without some kind of intervention... eventually almost everyone will earn the minimum wage. Trying to continue to label it a wage for 'losers' and lecturing parents to tell their kids to aim higher
 is exactly what you can expect from the failed Republican Economic Hypothesis. Hey parents, your kids are losers! Meanwhile, economic validity as a consumer might never arrive because arrival is becoming impossible.

Since I am old, let me tell you... how this used to work.
 The minimum wage was really only for teenagers--and real jobs paid on a
 very different scale. You might get a part time job in high school at 17 and then when you could work full time you would get a 'real' job. That job paid you... are you ready... 400% of your kid job.

1980 numbers. Min wage = $3 per hour. Real wage = $12 per hour. This was normal for most people.

So... how come it don't be like that NOW? Economists call it wage compression. During the last 35 years, every time the unemployment rate burped the price for Real Jobs would settle after the crisis and be just
 a little lower. The business community became really good at looking for cheaper labor. Why pay wages for a 'Real Job' when you can hire someone a little hungrier for less? THIS is what happened. The difference between kid jobs and real jobs went down 5% per year.... for 35 years.


Let's say this all started in 1980. (And it did. Start then.)
After 2 years, the real job differential... 390%
After 5 years, 375%
After 8 years, 360%
After 22 years, 295%
After 35 years, 230%
2014 numbers. $7.25 x 2.30 = $16.65 and that is pretty close to the median wage.


If the Republicans had not been allowed to test this hypothesis.... the 'grownup' wage today would be $29 an hour (4x minimum) instead of 16
 or 18 bucks. 

tl;dr If you vote Republican this year you can expect to get 5% closer to minimum wage next year.

edit: since a few people are seeing this... the Republicans absolutely understand what I explained above. Their strategy is to delay
 the correction for as long as possible. Each year of delay amounts to 'a savings' that becomes a permanent expectation in the marketplace. Labor now costs about 50%.
 Going forward, most Republicans are now happy to let the small increments upwards begin--because they know that they have effectively locked in their reduced cost by assigning permanent misery to a large number of people.

edit 2! Gold for bashing the business class' utter and complete domination? That's some irony right there. Thanks for the gold random redditor. You know what really changed? EVERYONE used to respect the idea that all work
 had dignity and was worth a real wage. My generation certainly lost that respect and become far too interested in figuring out who was the loser and the minimum wage became a quick marker for loser status. Be Kind. Just... seriously... be kind. Calling a person a loser is one thing--leaving them in permanent poverty is just evil. Be. Kind.
 It's probably worth pointing out that you guys (young people) can vote in any wage you want--80% of any economy is always local because of real
 estate and services. All the talk about how raising the minimum will destroy the economy is bullshit. Wages ARE the economy and all economies
 are mostly local. Give each other a raise and things will get better. I'd recommend you give yourselves a big fat quadruple size raise and let
 the old folks and business' eat a dessert made of sweet financial justice.
Alright, which one of you did this? (it totally made my day)
I
 went to a classical gymnasium (a highschool bent on antiquity — yeah, with Latin and Ancient Greek and all that jazz), so I have to do it retrospectively (as in: the links I give you are not the sources where I
 learned about it myself), but here:

"The official deities of the state were identified with its lawful offices and institutions, and Romans of every class were expected to honour the beneficence and protection of mortal and divine superiors. Participation in public rites showed a personal commitment to their community and its values." 

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Religion_in_ancient_Rome#Religio_and_the_state

"The absorption of neighboring local gods took place as the Roman state conquered the surrounding territory. The Romans commonly granted the local gods of the conquered territory the same honors as the earlier
 gods of the Roman state religion."

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Roman_mythology#Foreign_gods

"Imperial cult became one of the major ways in which Rome advertised its presence in the provinces and cultivated shared cultural identity and loyalty throughout the Empire. Rejection of the state religion was tantamount to treason. This was the context for Rome's conflict with Christianity, which Romans variously regarded as a form of atheism and novel superstitio."

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Religion_in_ancient_Rome

"The survival of a religious faith depends on a continual renewal and
 affirmation of its beliefs, and sometimes on adapting its rituals to changes in social conditions and attitudes. To the Romans, the observance of religious rites was a public duty rather than a private impulse. their beliefs were founded on a variety of unconnected and often inconsistent mythological traditions, many of them derived from the Greek rather than Italian models.

Since Roman religion was not founded on some core belief which ruled out other religions, foreign religions found it relatively easy to establish themselves in the imperial capital itself. The first such foreign cult to make its way to Rome was the goddess Cybele around 204 BC."

http://www.roman-empire.net/religion/religion.html

"Christians were persecuted by local authorities on a sporadic and ad-hoc basis, often more according to the whims of the local community than to the opinion of imperial authority."

"Prior to 64 AD, there is no evidence for action taken by the Roman government against Christians, and after that episode under Nero, no further evidence for state persecution of Christians until 250 AD. In 250 AD, the emperor Decius issued a decree requiring public sacrifice, a
 formality equivalent to a testimonial of allegiance to the emperor and the established order. There is no evidence that the decree was intended
 to target Christians but was intended as a form of loyalty oath. Decius
 authorized roving commissions visiting the cities and villages to supervise the execution of the sacrifices and to deliver written certificates to all citizens who performed them. Christians were often given opportunities to avoid further punishment by publicly offering sacrifices or burning incense to Roman gods, and were accused by the Romans of impiety when they refused. Refusal was punished by arrest, imprisonment, torture, and executions. Christians fled to safe havens in
 the countryside and some purchased their certificates, called libelli. Several councils held at Carthage debated the extent to which the community should accept these lapsed Christians."

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Persecution_of_Christians_in_the_Roman_Empire#Overview

"Romans did not have prisons that relate to how we think of them in the modern world. Accused wealthy citizens were simply kept under house arrest, provided they behaved, until a trial could take place.

The poor generally found justice swift and usually fatal. Outside of the cities, a villa might have three areas to keep slaves, one for those
 who were well behaved, one for those to keep shackled and one for those
 allowed a bit more freedom. 

Actual prisons in Rome truly served as a holding place for those condemned to die. Occasionally the accused might be detained to await trial, but usually those awaiting trial were encouraged to go into voluntary exile. Those awaiting trial were called "carcer" or "publica vincula.""

http://www.unrv.com/government/roman-prisons.php (to support the idea that christians who actually were punished,
 were punished just as anyone else would, nothing special; Romans did not have prisons, so their punishments were either economical, or corporal, including torture and execution).

PS: When Roman Empire changed its official religion to christianity, the religious freedom ended. Before that, one could worship whichever god freely, provided a ceremonial bow to the official gods was made every now and then. In christian Rome, fuck you — only christianity and nothing else (or else you-know-what, because there still were no prisons). Gives a lot of food for thought, doesn't it?
I'm near 30 and in college for 3 more years.
Hang
 in there man! it will get better, Just focus on yourself, be busy. Get new hobbies(aside from drinking and reddit hehe), Work out!, learn something (skill, language, mechanical, etc) 

Small discipline will yield high self-esteem

Good luck *Im rooting for both of us =D
Australian Whistleblower who leaked a secret scholarship for Tony Abbott's daughter to be sentenced this week
For
 anyone unaware of the context here: Abbott's daughter was "awarded" a "scholarship" based (allegedly) on the strength of her design portfolio.
 She did not apply for it at all - it was just granted. This scholarship
 had also only ever been awarded twice in the school's decades-long history (edit: other redditors inform me the second scholarship was awarded to the director's offspring). The school generally does not award scholarships at as a matter of course. Further, the scholarship was not disclosed or published to anyone else: generally a school is keen to make its generosity known, and doing it under the table is very suspect. Also - the person who runs the school is a friend of Tony Abbott's and was lobbying him regarding deregulation of fees. Ms. Abbott
 has also since been employed by the school.

According to Ms. Abbott's classmates, who were shocked and angry to hear about the secret $60k scholarship (particularly as they'd never heard of it and were never given a chance to apply for anything of the kind), her work and portfolio was average and many students were more deserving of financial help or academic recognition. Further, Tony Abbott did not declare the scholarship. Though technically he wasn't required to do so (politicians must declare gifts, kickbacks and financial windfalls for family members - things like freebies, but according to Tony this was not a gift as apparently as the school claims
 it was earned "on merit" .... hmm on the merit of daddy's position and big bucks, maybe?) - in my opinion Tony Abbott really, really should have declared it (and 'd say the overwhelming majority of Australians agree) as a significant conflict of interest because it clearly is one.

This is a private college we're talking about - a business - and is thus it is ineligible for significant government funding, but, surprise surprise, firmly entrenched in the Government's budget agenda is the deregulation of fees for tertiary institutions, which would allow a new massive source of income for colleges like the one in question (and in addition, would increase the majority of university fees around the country by around 30% and they're planning to introduce interest to fee repayments: a degree is going to become financially crippling for many people, and simply untenable for others). So it all seems rather convenient, and bears a striking resemblance to bribery. 

It's disgusting really. I'm so disappointed in the road this country's headed down... as an Australian I genuinely fear for the integrity of our freedom. The fact they're punishing the person who brought this to the public's attention looks like a witch hunt to me. It
 is undemocratic and it just sinks the situation to new lows. Nowhere has Tony Abbott stated, in hindsight, he perhaps should have declared the scholarship: he's simply continued to say it was 'earned on merit', which frankly makes him look like a dickhead. Anyway all the above is essentially what's been in the media.

TLDR - the one thing I'm getting reeeeeal tired of is this asshole treating the Australian public like morons. Rant over.

Edit - thanks for the gold! Edit 2 - golds, thanks!
Never Letting Her Cover My Shift Again
Sounds like a bunch of thumb dicks.
Someone brought a N64 to work and nothing is ever getting done again
Nah leave the sound on.  Made people have to think about picking up body armor since it gave away your position!
Every fucking time.
Happened
 to me once. I woke up in the middle of the night freezing my ass off, tried pulling the bed sheets, thinking in my sleepy self they're stuck with something and BAM, girlfriend to the floor. She was on top of them since she doesn't like heat.

DON'T TOUCH THE SHEET THEN, WOMAN.

Edit: HOLY SHEET. GOLD? MOM TAUGHT ME TO BE GRATEFUL SO THANK YOU, YOU KIND SON OF A SHEET. MAY WHATEVER GOD YOU BELIEVE IN BLESS YOU WITH BIG SUSHI, BIG GEISHAS, BIG SHITU.
Congress to the FBI: There's 'Zero Chance' We'll Force Apple to Decrypt Phones
This whole story is a setup.  Its to make people believe the gov't can look at their stuff anymore.  Its bullshit.
1/3
 of marriages are now from online dating and that number is only increasing. That means that computers (algorithms) are starting to breed
 humans.
Is it in their (computers) best interest to:

1) breed the smartest humans together to make extremely smart humans, who could then design better computers 
 increasing the standard deviation while keeping the mean the same

or 

2) breed smart humans with less smart humans making mankind smarter in general so maybe the demand for computers will increase 
 decreasing standard deviation while increasing mean
/u/churakaagii explains why people don't report bullying until it's too late
Holy
 shit I see this ALL the time as a baseball coach in the clinics I do. You have your ringleader who is usually not that great an athlete, but he's known everyone forever, and he's considered the "cool kid." Everyone is afraid of him because they don't want to get on his bad side, because they could be the one getting their lives ruined next. Bear in mind that Im dealing with 8-12 year old boys, so the whole girl thing is either just starting, or hasn't really started yet.

But yeah, you see this one guy, with his cronies next to him subtly pick on some kid that they've decided is a target, usually a quiet kid that isn't from the same area, or that looks different, is short/fat (one of them was actually picked on for being black.) ect ect. They're pretty much always good, hard working, respectful kids.

They fuck with him the whole time. They put all this pressure on him before every drill so that he's afraid to mess up. If he does mess up, they ALL rib him. When they're warming up, they'll intentionally pair up
 everyone really quickly so that he's left out.  They'll pick teams for drills, and even though he's often better than most of everyone else, they'll pick him last.

Eventually the kid getting bullied just gives up and stops caring. It's sad. And the worst thing you can do is openly take his side and reprimand anyone. 

No, what you do is give the bullies some of their own medicine. Yes, it's petty as Im fucking 24 and they're 12. But it's amazing what happens when you see this kid getting bullied see their nemesis get some
 cracks in their armor. You throw the bully harder pitches to hit in batting practice. You go a little bit harder on them in drills so they get perceived by everyone else as being a tiny bit less important.

And most importantly, you give the kid getting bulled extra attention
 until they're the best player there. I've seen this happen 6 times in the 5 years I've been coaching, and 5 of the kids ended up not only making their town's all-star team, but being key starters. 3 of them later made the town's varsity baseball team as a freshmen (the other two
 aren't in high school yet). The 6th kid is a current project that Im about a month into. 

Anyway, what happens to the bullies? Usually their social skills outpace their athletic talent and don't go too far in the game. End up playing Lacrosse by the time they're in high school As a baseball coach who is getting paid to help these kids get better, yeah maybe it isn't a
 great thing to do. But I don't care. This is my bit of justice for the world that Im actually in a position to give.
The World's First Hoverboard  - [3:14]
Damnit Kid are you high?! Superman doesn't need a hoverboard. Damn.
Last year my video went viral of the LED costume I made my daughter. Here is this year's creation...  - [2:03]
Going with the same type of costume as last year? We like it too.

/edit HHAHAHAA GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOLD
Islamaphobia is not Racism
Nope. I personally think religion is pretty silly overall.

But there is a difference between racism and bigotry. And Islamaphobia kind of is, by definition, bigotry.
Last year my video went viral of the LED costume I made my daughter. Here is this year's creation...  - [2:03]
Going with the top comment from last year's video huh?  I like it.
New iMac retina 5k display - mid range GPU from 2012 - sigh.
It wasn't made for gaming 
Australian Whistleblower who leaked a secret scholarship for Tony Abbott's daughter to be sentenced this week
How?
 She broke the law by gaining unauthorised access to the private information of students. This is a state law that has been in place since 1990. She will be sentenced in a local court, probably to a fine, suspended sentence or community service. Hardly a government crackdown.
Man stones daughter to death in Daesh video
Fanatical
 ideology has the power to turn human beings into unthinkable monsters. There's tons of examples: crusaders, the inquisition, the Nazis, Stalin,
 Pol Pot, now Islamist fanatics.

Nothing can transform human beings into utter savages more completely
 than fanatical belief. People commit small crimes and crimes of passion
 for selfish reasons, but pure evil on a huge scale requires a cause greater than oneself. Watch some of the excellent Vice Magazine videos of ISIS's rallies and look into the peoples' eyes. They believe.

I think it's a big reason the West has become so cynical toward ideologies, religions, and similar belief systems. We've seen too much of the subhuman brutality of utopia. Our supposedly decadent nihilism is
 "holocaust fatigue." We're sick of gurus and their broken promises and of what that kind of belief does to people.
Australian Whistleblower who leaked a secret scholarship for Tony Abbott's daughter to be sentenced this week
Alrighty
 then. What's the threshold? When are people no longer afforded all the laws and procedures set up to protect them from being screwed over by law enforcement and the courts?

Any government worker? Does that mean that any mail person can have their car broken into and searched without any cause?
The Russian cat video to end all Russian cat videos!  - [2:10]
Night time raid

How are we going to cross the barbed wire?

I will use this axe and chop a tree.

But won't the enemy hear us?

Nah.

Ten minutes later

Your platoon was slaughtered after the sounds of chopping gave away your position. What do you have to say about this?

I go home and sleep. smiles
You don't need MAMP. Use Scotch Box, a fully configured Vagrant implementation.
Hey! I made this.

Literally the only reason I didn't add Host Updater / Manager plugin was to keep it as stripped down as possible. For example, if Vagrant updates, the plugin might become incompatible, etc. I definitely recommend using it though!
Paranautical Activity removed from the Steam store, mere hours after coming out of early access
Something tells me the employee of the month wall is just a bunch of photos of you.
Why should I be proud to be American? Isn't patriotism as divisive and irrational as religion?
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/American_civil_religion
Final poster for 'The Imitation Game'
That's odd, because I'm entranced.
Detructoid
 Editor-in-chief leaves: "I feel certain actions taken and statements made by Destructoid management have not accurately reflected my feelings
 or taken my input as Editor-in-chief into account."
He
 left because it came out over the weekend that Destructoid (illegally) blacklisted a writer (and colluded with the heads of several other sites
 to do it, again illegally):

http://blogjob.com/oneangrygamer/2014/10/gamergate-destructoid-corruption-and-ruined-careers/ 

http://blogjob.com/oneangrygamer/2014/10/gamergate-nowhere-on-my-site-does-it-say-we-are-journalists-says-destructoid-owner/

If you're wondering why /r/games
 didn't talk about this at all in the last two days, the answer to your question is that all threads on this and related topics have been censored for the last 2 months by the mods.

EDIT: In response to the lying mod below

Lol bullshit. I submitted several and they were immediately deleted. Anyone who cared gave up trying to submit them weeks ago because of your
 censorship.

Also nice of you to unhide my comment after 500 replies have been made, I was the 3rd response to this thread.

EDIT2: The mod is trying to make it sound like I'm saying people submitted the two links in my post. My replies explaining it have still not been unhidden. I'm not, I'm saying no one bothered to even try because other links on the topic have been instantly deleted over the past two months, such as Breitbart's leak of the GameJournoPros mailing list a month (if not more) ago.

Also he claims I was "shadowbanned" on this particular subreddit for attacking another user for their stance on DRM. If it's the incident I'm
 thinking of, I called out a user as a shill because their post history was full of repeatedly defending always-on DRM for multiple EA titles.

EDIT3: if you feel like giving me gold please give it to some sort of charity instead
The
 new website for Inform 7, the natural-language-based text adventure toolkit, with one of the best IDE/development interfaces I have ever used!
I've
 been an Inform user for many years, and I can tell you that when Inform7 first came out, it completely boggled my mind. As a programmer, there's nothing harder to me than expressing something that I can think of programatically in a language that's as wooly and ambiguous as natural language, or almost. It's like writing T/SQL, but without the chance of a job.

But I've come to love it. The integrated testing environment in Inform 7 is really something: it'll run through your adventure and spot where things are "different" from last time, making automated testing easy.
Hong Kong has too many poor people to allow direct elections, leader says
Before
 I am engaging in discussing the topic, I want to rant a bit about people's reaction to this kind of news. Yes I know you guys are probably
 joking. But I am so tired to see comments like "well, similar shit happens in US as well" or "at least he is honest, meanwhile our politician...".

First and foremost, something does not magically become right when US
 did it. Just to give you an example, "(Insert anything bad) happens in US as well and it is even worse than that." is a common recurrence that happen in almost any thread about foreign affairs. It simply detaches the importance of the incident. To me it just sounds like those "one-up guy" who always say "Oh you did (insert something profound)? I have already done that way better than you!" It adds absolutely nothing to address the issue. To give you a more concrete example, imagine one day an innocent citizen get arrested by the cop for no particular reason, a Chinese redditor comes in and says "Yea, the same thing happen in China all the time, it is nothing special." It just sound salty and meaningless for the discussion of the actual news. If someone is getting
 beheaded in US by murderer, you don't want someone from the warzone and
 tells you "it happens all the time with ISIS".

Rant aside, I want to address what is common people saying in this thread: "At least he is being honest." Honest for what? He is not elected by any of the majority citizens, of course he can say the hell he wants about them. No politician in a democratic world will come out and says shit about the poor voters, because that is a dumb move to their election campaign. The man in the news, CY Leung, what will he lose by saying so? Nothing. Honesty is not the word to describe his action, when his comment about the poor majority does not put a dent on his chance in saying power. It is simply arrogance and fucked up logic that can describe his words. Well, there isn't much to expect him in the
 beginning. After he has been exposed of lies after lies during his rule.

Finally back onto the topic. To put in perspective about the mark of US$1800 income. It is $14000 HKD. How much is it you may ask? Well, the median income of local university fresh graduate is only about 12000-13000 in most cases. That means these "dumb, poor" student is not good enough to make judgement about candidate when government has been spending money in the education system. Now you are telling me that a university education is not good enough to educate student to make correct choice? Maybe you are actually hinting failure in our education system.

Finally, saying "X group of people are too dumb to choose candidate/vote" is just an unhealthy elitism. All of a sudden your net worth become judgement of your wisdom and common sense, really? What if one day your president tell you "(insert race) people are too dumb to choose a suitable president candidate." You will call him racist. But how does it differ from excluding part of demographic in other aspects like gender, education, neighborhood, etc.? That kind of defeat the purpose of democracy and universal suffrage in the first place.

And even not to forget that the LegCo already has functional constituents).
 Any government policies that do not gather at least 50% member support of either the geography constituents (voted by HK eligible voters from all districts) or functional constituents (voted by small group of people for each industry) will be rejected. Big business can very easily
 collaborate to vote out any unfavorable policies (like minimum wage, maximum working hours) regardless how the geography constituents feel about the policy.
Man Who Believes God Speaks to Us Through "Duck Dynasty" Is About to Be Texas' Second-in-Command
I'm
 not defending the guy, but I understand WHY he said that Duck Dynasty is God talking to the audience "through star Phil Robertson" That quote is the key part of this, and the title misses it. Prayer is viewed as talking to God and almost each episode ends with a prayer by Phil. It was a part of the show contract that they be able to worship and have it
 shown, the only stipulation is that they aren't allowed to say Jesus or
 God (or something like that) on the show. 

The point is, that quote seems to me to be blown out of proportion. However, I'm not excited for him to be in the most powerful position in Texas govt. (Lt. Gov. has more actionable power than the Governor in Texas )

Edit: A lot of responses that I wasn't expecting, so I'll try to clarify some things now. 

I'm agnostic. I don't think I'm qualified to state whether there is a
 supreme being or not. The only thing I subscribe to is respect and make
 life decisions based on that. I capitalize God because in the context of a conversation involving a Christian (Christians say "God" not "god")
 I find it respectful to use their language in the matter. 

My Jump from "Phil" talking to God, and God talking back is a poor connection and I did a bad job explaining, I should have said prayer is a
 conversation with God. However, I can't spend more time to explain this
 because a)I'm on my phone and at work and b) there are plenty of sources online I'm sure that would do a lot better at explaining than me.  I'm not qualified to do so. 

The point of this post was that I see WHY he thinks that, because in the context of Christianity, it is a very common belief. A belief that I
 have no opinion toward. 
Hong Kong has too many poor people to allow direct elections, leader says
The
 problem can be averted by a Western style democracy. With enough support from the media (usually owned by the upper class) it
 is quite easy to convince the poor to support and often furiously argue
 for policy that does not benefit them at all. 
Which movies did you walk out from and why?
I fell asleep five minutes into Transformers 3 and woke up to credits rolling.  At the theater.

Edit: Hahaha, I never thought my first gold would be for falling asleep during Transformers.  Thanks stranger.
Hong Kong has too many poor people to allow direct elections, leader says
The big problem with capitalism is the thinking that if it rewards the winners then the losers must deserve it. 
Jimquisition: Stupid Sexy Bayonetta
A
 common cause of frustration for people who actually agree with Jim is the fact that there are a rapidly dwindling collection of quality review
 sites where one can go and read about and discuss a game that aren't imbued with a sense of being overly concerned with gender/sexuality, etc, who squelch opposing viewpoints.

The argument of "Don't read Polygon" is a perfectly acceptable one, but in my experience, the vast majority of places that allow these kind of discussions drop the hammer on anyone who doesn't agree with them.

The real problem is disenfranchisement. People who don't agree with you exist, no matter what your opinion is. Being intolerant of that opinion and moderating it out of existence is the real concern.

The only exceptions are threats, which should be dealt with as harshly and quickly as possible.

Beyond that, when you moderate people's opinions because you are afraid of what they might lead to, you are creating extremism. That negative energy doesn't just disappear. It builds, and grows, and as we can see from the growing amount of nutjobs who threaten women in the industry, it does eventually boil over.

Extremism is not wrought from thin air by evil men for no reason other than to control. It is created, systemically, through the action or inaction of individuals and groups within the culture those nutjobs are immersed in.

Personal responsibility and cultural influence BOTH dictate the actions of those around us. Pretending that each individual exists in a vacuum is maddening.
Paranautical Activity removed from the Steam store, mere hours after coming out of early access
The
 problem is that these people don't recognize that they are having a twitter meltdown. They think that their rage is entirely appropriate -- they are just pulling back the curtain on the injustices they have suffered, to expose the terrible people who are responsible. They think that people sympathize with them -- that people agree with them.

It's the same thing going on with most people who appear "crazy" in public: they refuse to acknowledge that they are at fault when circumstances don't meet their satisfaction, and adamantly pursue the notion that the blame lies in the hands of others. 

And they are so passionate in their belief that they are flawless that, when the shit is approaching the fan, they decide to preemptively grab that shit and start smearing it all over everything within reach, doing far more damage than the fan could have done on its own. And when they look around for everybody's approval, thinking that they look like a hero, everybody else is just looking at a psycho who's breathing heavily and covered in shit.
Jack
 Mook, a detective and boxing instructor in Pittsburgh, got curious when
 two of his students stopped showing up. He went searching for them, finding them at an abusive foster home, he took matters into his own hands. Classic tale of by-the-books detective with a soft heart.  - [2:46]
I have so much damn respect for this man because I went through a similar situation.

My senior year of high school, at least the first half, was not as joyful as it should've been. It's a long story, but I got kicked out of my house by my stepdad. The months leading up to that moment were some of the worst I've ever had to endure. I went through depression, didn't care about schoolwork, gave up even trying to make my parents happy. Hell, I battled self-worth and self-love for years afterward.

But, a youth leader at my church had noticed a difference in me for months, always tried to talk to me. He was a youth probation officer at the time (now federal probation officer) so he knew all the signs. He finally was able to crack me and I told him the situation. What I thought was my last night at my church, he had a different idea. He called me that night after church and said "You do not go to bed until I'm done. I have a plan, I'm getting you out of there."

I didn't go to bed until 1 AM that night, but instead of having to move to my dads, 2 hours away, and deal with my high school credits being fucked and I'm sure a hell of lot of other issues, this youth leader, whom I call my guardian, stepped in. I got to graduate with my friends, do well in school, and he helped me forge my path into college.

He never got full custody of me since I would be turning 18 in a few months after being kicked out, but he got right of attorney (meaning he could act as a guardian pretty much). I owe so much to him and his wife,
 and I will never forget it. 

So much fucking respect for that detective.
World-First, FDA-Approved, Embryonic Stem Cell Clinical Trial for Diabetes is Launched, After Diabetes is "Cured" in Mice.
I
 may have missed a lot because I skimmed it but it looks like they are targeting regeneration of beta pancreas cells which is what produces insulin. The issue of needing beta cell regeneration  can fix a lot of issues in juvenile onset diabetes but adult onset diabetes doesn't seem like it may work. Also, the autoimmune response to destroy these beta cells may act on the new cells and destroy them as well. The life span of the mouse models wont show this due to their life spans. Just my two cents though.
An American superintendent of Jail visits a Norwegian Prison, can't believe what he sees!  - [6:56]
The vast majority of people on Reddit have never been to Norway and have no idea what it looks like.  So let me tell you:

Very, very few people compared to the US, and very, very spread out.  And they all look the same.  What's more, life outside
 the prison is far better -- people are taken care of, the daily stresses that the average American has to deal with don't really exist.  There is a wide safety net that catches you if you fall, and consequently people aren't as angry, jealous, and on edge.

Prison systems like this work in places like Norway because the population allows it to work.  Put this in New York and good fucking luck.  Here, remove America from the discussion and think about this: would a prison like this work in Russia?

The answer isn't to reshape American prisons to look like Norwegian prisons, unless you want to fail hard.  The answer, if anything, is to reshape American society to look like Norwegian society.  But you can't do that in a country of 350 million people who all look different, believe wildly different things, have wildly different goals and upbringings, etc.  It just isn't possible.

edit lets make it simpler.  The US warden in this video has seen prisons full of race gangs constantly trying to kill each
 other.  You can't have a kitchen with metal silverware when the mexicans are trying to kill the aryans every day and vice versa.  You can have it in a prison where everyone is Nordic, and the majority of the crimes are non-violent.
The Silence of the Lambs - Who Wins the Scene?  - [2:59]
I think that's Kubrick's commentary on the fact that, when you think about it, are we not all helicopters?
World-First, FDA-Approved, Embryonic Stem Cell Clinical Trial for Diabetes is Launched, After Diabetes is "Cured" in Mice.
No one gives a fuck if you "work in comedy"

Edit: Gold?
Jack
 Mook, a detective and boxing instructor in Pittsburgh, got curious when
 two of his students stopped showing up. He went searching for them, finding them at an abusive foster home, he took matters into his own hands. Classic tale of by-the-books detective with a soft heart.  - [2:46]
So do I. Not because I want the praise or anything...but because I know how much it can change a person...or even save them. 

And the craziest part really is that even small gestures can mean the
 world to someone, and we just don't think about it. For instance, my next door neighbor is 70 years old, lives alone, no car, his son (technically is grandson but he adopted him) is at college in Tennessee (I live in Georgia), and he doesn't really have anyone around. So, for the past year, I've taken him to the store so he can buy groceries, cigarettes, whatever. Hell, sometimes I'll just go and see if he wants to ride with me while I do errands so he can get out of the house for a few hours.

His birthday was last month, and on his birthday I took him to Wal-Mart so he could do some food shopping. He's on food stamps and social security, so he has a fixed income. As he started grocery shopping, I walked away and got him a $50 gift card to Wal-Mart. It was his birthday and I knew he needed it. It's $50 I could do without, so I did it. He almost cried on the spot. And before we walked out of the store? I took him to the bakery and let him pick out a cake he wanted. You turn 70 years old, you deserve some mother fucking cake. And later that night, I went to his house and had some cake with him, because he asked me if I would. You're damn right I will Charles. 

The best of it all is that he's a black guy and I'm a 24 year-old white guy. The looks we get around the store are fucking hilarious to me, especially since we live in the south and there's some obvious racist assholes who shoot us looks. Don't give a shit though.

And, I don't share that with you to brag or boast. I share it because
 what started as a once every few weeks thing has turned into a friendship. Ill admit at times when I just want to relax at home and I see him walking up the driveway, it can be annoying. But I still take him anyways. I always will. Very few times have I had to say I couldn't (would be with friends or out of town), but as soon as I could get home,
 I'd take him then.

Hell, he even tells me I'm his best friend. He's a crazy old bastard, but I know if he could, he'd help me out somehow. 

Seriously, you never know how you could change someone's life. It really is as simple as driving a neighbor to the store for milk.
Jack
 Mook, a detective and boxing instructor in Pittsburgh, got curious when
 two of his students stopped showing up. He went searching for them, finding them at an abusive foster home, he took matters into his own hands. Classic tale of by-the-books detective with a soft heart.  - [2:46]
Thanks man, I appreciate that.

That wasn't the easiest part of my life, let me tell you...my first 3
 years of college were some of the hardest times I've had to go through.
 Some parts were better than others, but a lot of parts...shit.

Since I had such a difficult time loving myself (hell, respecting myself or seeing worth in myself even), loving others was just a nightmare. I think back to the women I dated or even flirted (meaning led them on really) with during that time, and I just cringe at my actions. God I could go on forever about the complete asshole I was to those women, and what I did, what I eventually learned...

Now, I'm just thankful I learned to love myself, which eventually led
 to me finding my wonderful fiancée, and I'm so thankful she loves me and accepts me and my past. She's fucking incredible and I'm amazed I get to marry this woman.

To me, it's kind of funny, but what finally led me to start loving myself was going to this "Love Doctor" thing on campus. Dating/relationship guru, David Coleman (the movie Hitch is based off of
 him actually), I thought "why not" cause a friend of mine was going and
 she was cute. But I ended up talking to David after the event and was rambling about trying to mend a relationship with someone who wasn't trying at all (my stepdad), etc. He just looks at me and goes "This isn't about a girl at all, is it?" And I told him that it was my stepdad. He shook his head and says "You're wasting your time my friend.
 If he's not going to put forth the effort...why should you? Fuck him, he doesn't deserve you."

Those words right there sparked my journey. I eventually sought help with on-campus counseling, did that for a few months, got better, and learned to love myself...

I'm sorry for rambling so much. This video has just gotten me thinking so much about the past few years of my life...it's just amazing
 to see how things change...how we change as people. Damn.
Bill Burr handles an annoying, douchey interviewer who thinks he is "hip".  - [3:56]
A: South Side Steve just bought you gold.

B: You are South Side Steve and you just bought yourself gold.
Net
 Neutrality isn’t just about the control of bandwidth, but also about who gets to control the information itself, who gets to control the filters that strip away content selectively in a concerted effort to influence our perceptions of the world and ultimately our behavior.
More
 and more people use information found on the internet to demonstrate points. If you can remove that information it becomes harder and harder to demonstrate your points and convince others that something is happening/happened/etc.

Most people want to see "proof" of whatever claim you are making. And
 rightly so. If you are unable to produce that proof then you have no basis for your argument and are less able to influence people.

Seeing as the global power structure already has control over the majority of the media stream, all that is needed to control opinions now
 is to remove the ability for dissenters to demonstrate any of the issues they are trying to get awareness around.

The end result is what we are already seeing. Otherwise intelligent people belittling and poohpoohing people trying to demonstrate points with an ever dwindling supply of information, simply because that information is being filtered, moderated, and or censored. What used to be only a problem for radical conspiracy theorists is now becoming an issue in more and more mundane circles.

Left unchecked we will be at the mercy of those who dictate not only how we consume information, what format, medium, etc, but also what we can and can't know to keep us focused on our slavish existences, pushing
 the decimal point further right on bottom lines of those with all the money/control.

And the sick thing is that they will charge us a premium to consume the propaganda they use to control us.
So this girl I'm talking to is a crime scene and autopsy tech. Some questions should go unasked.
lol, too funny for me to even say anything back. have an upvote :)

Ninja Edit: Waahooooo, not a (gold) virgin anymore! Thank you kind stranger!! 
Ex-Scientology member ambushed and harassed by Scientology's top management personnel in LAX Airport  - [2:36]
how to get killed 101

つ ◕_◕ ༽つ THANKS4GOLDERINO  つ ◕_◕ ༽つ
A timeline for your next 6 years of comic book movies
What is this, an infographic for Antman?

Edit: Gold!! Verily, my ascension through the ranks of the Illuminati has thusly been hastened on this joyous day!!
Bill Burr handles an annoying, douchey interviewer who thinks he is "hip".  - [3:56]
First thing Bill Burr says on his 2nd interview with the same guy  is that you're all morons.
Ex-Scientology member ambushed and harassed by Scientology's top management personnel in LAX Airport  - [2:36]

Your emotional armor only lasts so long before it begins to crack


You bet your ass it does. Look at it anyway you want, but Internet trolling and malicious comments are a plague to our society. They should
 respond to their actions: nobody has the right, in a free society, to insult, harass, abuse anyone with no possibility of recourse.
All these Laptops came with a broken OS. I'm fixing them now, thank God.
That's not a linux distro
Islamic State 'kills US hostage' Steven Sotloff
You bloodthirsty savages;
Sickness of wars.
You think that you're fighting for you and for yours?
You 'speak' for your people
Then draw in a breath,
And sully their honour with violence and death.  

You say that you're praying,
And making a plea –
But murder the innocent, guiltless, and free.
Your 'proofs' and your 'truths'
And your 'justice' are lies -
A court and a critic? A coward's disguise.

You think that you're pious
But live on your gall,
Subsisting on poison and hatred for all.
You're nothing but monsters.
I'll say it again -
You savages.
Cowards.

You bloodthirsty men.
Saw something over on gaming I had to set right
&nbsp;
Ex-Scientology member ambushed and harassed by Scientology's top management personnel in LAX Airport  - [2:36]
Rofl this guy is gold. What a knob just look at him. He's hard as fuck.

http://cdn.makeagif.com/media/10-20-2014/I5DmBp.gif

Edit: thanks for gold random stranger 
Ex-Scientology member ambushed and harassed by Scientology's top management personnel in LAX Airport  - [2:36]
The
 Milhouse guy who follows them onto the train is creepy. They're so clearly brainwashed into a cult. That moment really seemed like a horror
 movie. 
What's the most important thing in a woman? [0:28]
A simple down vote would have suffice...

Edit: 

::Applause and cheering:: 

Thank you, thank you, thank you very much, thank you.

Well, what can I say. I graduated. It's over, I did it. 

I know most of you are saying "Hey, any idiot could do that.". Well...It was tough for me so BACK OFF!....Sorry. Sorry about that.

Gold-giving, Bi-racial Angel stands and shouts: "Yay Hiro1221! Hiro1221 is # 1! Yahoo!" 

:::Applause and cheer:::

Nice! Nice buddy!

Yahoo! Yahoo for Schoool! Yahoo for me!...o.O Anyaways, umm...

This non-topic commenting stuff really isn't for me so I decided to, uh, stepdown as chairman of this thread...


...and give it back to OP. 

:::Applause and cheer, OP and old man sitting behind me shake hands, and then cuts to PBdrpepperPB, who looks a lot like a baby if Vegita and
 Beavis from Beavis and ButtHead had a baby, shaking his head in his hand in defeat::

I'm gonna go to my room. I'm gonna go beat off! 

:::Applause and cheering:::

PEACE IM OUTTA HERE!


TL/DR

Thank you for the Gold Sir/Maddam. Actually made a weirdly, everything-gone wrong day a not-so bad one in the end. Good night yall'!
What's the most important thing in a woman? [0:28]
The sadness in his eyes. Those are the eyes of a man hurt by a soulless woman.

Edit: Someone gave a gold for this. Why?

Edit 2: Just to clarify, this is a joke comment.
Spoken word One Direction song shows how creepy the song really is  - [2:28]
I
 read the lyrics cold and they sounded to me like a guy standing over the body talking to the police. The actual song didn't line up with the words at all for me. So I made this. Incidentally, thanks for the post.
You ready for this?
What a fucking shit post on what's normally an awesome subreddit
Feminism vs. Truth  - [5:55]
This
 is pandering to the anti feminist crowed. What she says might all be correct, I am not a professional or a researcher in the field but who pays for these videos and animation and for what purpose? Read a bit about "Prager university" and what they are about.
I am not saying she is wrong but any intelligent person, before accepting her opinion(because look how nicely it is presented) as it validates his or her own preconceptions, owes it to himself to first go and read the professional criticism of this lady's opinions.
Prager University is not an accredited academic institution, it is not an actual university it is being purposefully deceptive. Think about that.﻿

Furthermore, while talking about official numbers and research, according to her the fact women choose to say, be nurses and not surgeons, is because of their innate female predispositions?
Where is the research now? She just pooled that one out of thin air.
She in fact invites us to insert our own preconceptions about gender roles in which females are more nurturing meant to be taking care of kids, conveniently giving the example of pediatricians.
This might be true, women might lean towards being teachers or pediatricians, it feels natural to think so(perhaps like it was once natural to think women were incapable of being fully rational?) but that
 does not make it  actually true. We need ACTUAL convincing research before making such definitive statements.
What's the most important thing in a woman? [0:28]
Ludovico Einaudi - Una mattina

Edit: It seems like the link doesn't work anymore, here is another version: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ymMYzb2HBsg
I feel my current manager needs to know this.
No, this is actually pretty dumb.
[Maya crowd simulation] I've fallen, and I can't get up!
OK
 so I can't do it for your computer directly but here are the extremely simple steps to make it the screensaver on your computer.

1: First download the video which I have downloaded already and re-upped here(Right click 'here' and select 'save link as' and put it somewhere where you will remember where it is.)

2: Go and get this software, simply download it and install it saying 'decline' on all the shitty offers cnet is trying to make you get.

3: After that software is done installing it should pop up this window. Simply click on 'settings' and then this
 window will pop up. Click on open at the top and go to the video that you downloaded in step one, select it, click OK. And you are done.

That is all there is to it, it really was that simple. 
Great Job!
Malaysian
 Airlines Simulator, taken off shelves mysteriously. One copy was found in a Ukraine field, but many others continue an odd route around the world, stopping briefly in cities before moving off again.
Please
The gf and I engage in a little armpit frottage from time to time. A few bits of advice: 


lube is your friend, don't skimp!
start slow, find a rhythm that works for both of you.
communication is key! If she's as ticklish as mine is, you're gonna want to know when she's about to hit her tickle limit.  Catching an elbow in the coin purse is the definition of no es bueno


Edit:: My first reddit gold... and it's for being a perv. Wow.

Thank you. 
Seriously, this advertising method is used way too much these days.
Their
 frequency is pretty benign? Seriously? Ads are EVERYWHERE. Billboards, radio, tv, movies, magazines, on the grocery store cart, on other products, in my mail, they fucking call my phone to sell shit to me. Ads
 are UBIQUITOUS. 

I guarantee you can't go five minutes without seeing or hearing an ad
 of some sort under normal circumstances. I sure can't. Ads are invasive
 and unwelcome. 
I'd like your opinion: Is just "being Atheist" enough?
There's
 no obligation to be an activist as an atheist. We all have our own reasons for not believing and we have our own conclusions about what not
 believing implies we should do. If you're content that your reasons for
 not believing are enough and that no one else has to share your reasons, then you're within your rights to keep it to yourself.

On the other hand, if you perceive religion to be a problem and you see a need for solutions, then it's up to you to figure out how best you
 can contribute.
There's 51 other weekends for that
It
 really depends on what style of beers you have a preference for. Bud Lite is really a perfect example of it's style, the Light Lager (more specifically a Light American Lager). You can read up on the BJCP styles
 here if you're interested: http://www.bjcp.org/docs/2008_stylebook.pdf

A Light Lager is typically pale colored, does not have much hop aroma
 or bitterness for that matter. The body tends to be very light due to the use of adjuncts (like corn or rice) to replace a portion of the malted barley.

Light American Lagers also tend to have lower alcohol content than a lot of beers. BJCP styles say around 2%-4%. The low alcohol, coupled with the very light body (from heavy use of adjuncts) means that you can
 drink a bunch of them without getting drunk as quickly.

Basically it's a beer that is meant to be palatable to a wide range of people. It's meant to be light and refreshing and is also supposed to
 be a beer that you can drink several of on a hot day and not get totally wasted. In this regards I would say that the brewers of these beers have hit the style right on the money, and more importantly, have hit their target market with something that a lot of people like to drink.

Now with all of that being said, personally I think Coors Lite and Bud Lite  both taste like bottled deer piss. They've basically taken everything that makes a beer a beer and watered it down for mass consumption. Hop aroma is virtually non-existent,  hop bitterness is also very light (which someone may prefer if they prefer a maltier beer but that brings me to  my next point). 

Because recipes can be upwards of 40% adjunct (typically corn or rice) this beer style has almost no body to speak of. Even the BJCP style guidelines say it:


Mouthfeel: Very light body from use of a high percentage of adjuncts such as rice or corn. Very highly carbonated with slight carbonic bite on the tongue. May seem watery.


At this point I feel like I should also give a plug for American craft brewers. Especially since I was just at the GABF a couple of weeks
 ago. All across the US we have small breweries brewing pretty much every style of beer. While Budweiser is probably what most non-Americans
 think of when someone says "American beer" it's worth noting that we do
 have a thriving craft brewing industry.
Introducing: AskScience Quarterly, a new popular science magazine by the scientists of reddit!
This
 is fantastic! Kudos on all the hard work involved to get this together.
 This has always been one of my favorite subreddits-- I've been so grateful to be a fly on the Reddit wall here and learn about so many fascinating topics straight from kind &amp; knowledgeable professionals.

I wish I could contribute more on a knowledge-sharing level, but as I'm only an artist/designer cat lady, you all have me beat. Instead, here's some goofy fanart made in tribute to your first issue. 

http://imgur.com/HmjHyfS

Ever since I read the phrase "tiny dinosaurs" this morning, I've had this image in my head. Thanks for the inspiration, and thanks to all of you who contribute to this community. You've made me a smarter person. :)
Atheists
 of reddit! How accurate/inaccurate is this and specifically why? My friend posted it on Facebook and it piqued my interest. I have neither the knowledge of the bible of history to say anything on it.
Very misleading.

1) Claim: the earth is a sphere (isaiah 40:22)

Isaiah 40:22 "God sits above the circle of the earth..."

Bible claims earth is a circle, not a sphere.

2) Claim: The stars are innumerable (Jeremiah 33:22)

Jeremiah 33:22 Differing translations, but basically "And as the stars of the sky cannot be counted and the sand on the seashore cannot be measured..."

Bible claims that stars are uncountable, but so are grains of sand on the seashore. 

Science early claims were about visible stars, and as tools for probing space improved, the number of detectable starts increased.  Science doesn't claim the stars are uncountable, just that they haven't yet been counted.

3) Air has weight (Job 28:25)

Job 28:25 "He decided how hard the winds should blow and how much rain should fall."  

There are some translations that refer to the weight of the wind, but the bible claims are still talking about the force exerted by moving wind, not weight of the air.  

4) Each star is different (1 Corinthians 15:41)

1 Corinthians 15:41
 "The sun has one kind of glory, while the moon and stars each have another kind. And even the stars differ from each other in their glory."

At no time has science claimed that all stars are the same.  Even the
 ancient greeks identified differences in the stars, and science has never repudiated that there are differences.  Bible quote is an observation that science has always supported, and subsequently expanded
 on.

5) Light moves (Job 38:19-20)

Job 38:19 "Where does light come from, and where does darkness go?"

Job 38:20 "Can you take each to its home? Do you know how to get there?"

I don't see how this is some sort of claim about light moving.

Science hasn't made the claim that light doesn't move.  There have been claims in the past that light was immeasurably fast, which was true
 at the time, but that's a different statement.

6) Free float in space (Job 27:6)

Job 27:6"God stretches the northern sky over empty space and hangs the earth on nothing."

Bible claims are factually untrue, and not in any way representative of current scientific knowledge.

Ok, I'm bored with this.  You see the trend here.  Misquoting and misrepresenting the BIBLE to try to prove the bible is right... this is horrendously unethical behavior by your bible thumping friend.  You can finish the debunking with the site I was linking.
Good guy Canada.
This is a 9 year old's idea of Canada.
After
 this interview, the editor of Gawker.com (Emily Gould) claimed to suffer from panic attacks and had to see a therapist.  - [5:30]
It was kinda weird. Like Lando Calrissian wearing Han's clothes. 
Pacific
 islanders on canoes blockade Australia coal export terminal saying fossil fuels are contributing to rising sea levels that threaten their countries' very existence
So
 the majority of coal exported from there is metallurgical coal. Without
 which you can't make steel. Without steel, you can't build wind turbines. 
What a person suffering from severe narcolepsy looks like.  - [4:46]
Here is a redacted exchange from secret narcolepsy support groups in response to all this thread: 

REDACTED1 says "Ergh so many comments from so many uninformed people though..."

REDACTED2 says: "I believe this is the perfect time to insert a Pirates of the Caribbean quote from Jack Sparrow: "but they HAVE heard of us." Thanks to that video more people do know that narcolepsy exists and should be taken seriously. There will always be those "uninformed comments" people who make you want to bash your head on the table repeatedly... best not to waste too much of your valuable awake time on people like that in my opinion."

REDACTED1 says: "I know REDACTED2 but there's still a little part of me really wants to go in and respond to each person individually lol"

I say: " GO RESPOND! THIS IS YOUR TIME TO EDUCATE AND ADVOCATE! Word for word you will never have as much attention and advocacy power as you
 have right now with reddit!  BRING YOUR A GAME!"

However you guys shouldn't get your hopes up. PWNs deal with countless ignorant PWONs usually from their childhood all the way through their life. You can't except them to even attempt to waste anymore time on PWONs because that's the definition of insanity - repeating things proven not to work and expecting different results. 

So great job pissing off People With Narcolepsy, Reddit. Now I know how Boston feels.
If this is not the single most 'Comic Book Supervillian' thing ever done, I don't know what is.  - [2:36]
A
 Tesla Coil works by basically using a transformer to generate a high frequency AC voltage with a very large amplitude. Once the amplitude gets high enough, the air itself undergoes dielectric breakdown causing the lightning bolts you see.

However, these type of TCs use special electronic devices that can't handle the very high voltages for long periods of time (more than a milisecond), so instead they are switched on and off very rapidly to get
 the sustained discharge you see.

By controlling the frequency at which they are switched on an off you
 can control the pitch that the coil emits. Computers are used to control the switching frequencies of the coils to create the music you see in the video.
Israeli President Rivlin: Time to admit that Israel is a sick society that needs treatment
In my country there is problem...
If this is not the single most 'Comic Book Supervillian' thing ever done, I don't know what is.  - [2:36]
"IN THE MIDDLE OF THE FUCKING NIGHT!?" - Disgruntled Neighbour. 

My first gold :3 Thank you mystery internet man.
If this is not the single most 'Comic Book Supervillian' thing ever done, I don't know what is.  - [2:36]
No, THIS is the single most 'Comic Book Supervillian' thing ever done.

http://youtu.be/pJqoRaphiEk?t=43s
Girl asks Reddit to find where her boyfriend's father was in 2000, Reddit delivers in under 2 hours!
I really only used the WA and the SPIR, so 6 letters but yeah, UPVOTE ME BITCHES!
What a person suffering from severe narcolepsy looks like.  - [4:46]
Sorry
 to hear of your issues. You're not all alone in your challenges though.
 And, I hope that gives you some sense of support. A lot of people can empathize. 

Awesome to hear and talk to another actor. Acting is awesome. I miss it a lot. 

Therapy has been very helpful. I've been working with my therapist for 4 years. She does something called Narrative Therapy. I find it very
 helpful. I wouldn't be here if it wasn't for that therapy. 

She helped me separate the issues I was having from my identity and helped me put to words all of the things I was struggling with. 

That is huge. I've done some DBT stuff, I take medication for depression (effexor!) super high dose which is scary because... I ran out one night and let me tell you. It was horrible. I've done a bit of CBT as well. I'm about to start DBT again and I have high hopes. 

I get cynical. The thing about this therapist is she was the first person I told a lot of this stuff to. She's been instrumental in my life. I've gone through times where I don't return calls or I just don't
 show. After those times pass when I call again she picks up and we schedule an appointment. Through that I learned that she's not healing me. She's going along with me but I need to be dedicated to my healing. 

No one else is going to be unless I am. 

So, I get a bit emotional when I talk about it, but.. sure I'll answer. When people hear about what happened they ask that a lot. I have
 a meeting tomorrow I don't particularly want to go to because I'm going
 to have to take these bandages off and show the wounds to a brand new team of health care professionals. Doing it here will help me do it there maybe? I don't know. 

When I was twelve years old I was in a chat room playing D&amp;D sort
 of roleplaying games. I started talking to someone they directed me to another room and that's when it started. 

It was on camera and phone. I went to restaurants and stuff to meet people but they'd not show or I wouldn't. Most of it was online though. When I finally tried to stop it at first they said I was being blackmailed. 

I was 12. I didn't quite grasp what was going on fully and with my criminally neglectful parents I wasn't getting my needs met by them. So I
 was doing what I could to get affection or be noticed. 

It continued until I was 24. They knew my phone numbers. There were specifically 3 people who did most of it. Other people were in and out but those three people would pimp me out on camera and stuff.

I've contacted the FBI with the help of my therapist. I started experiencing mild delusions and extreme paranoia during that process. I honestly have no idea of what happened after the few conversations I had. I identified a photo of someone who was involved. So, I think that was helpful.

Due to the nature of it being online sexual exploitation I don't know
 if they're behind bars. I gave info to the FBI though. I know I could get more information but that's too scary. My therapist was a sort of advocate for me through this. 

I'm always scared to share this stuff with people because I've been told before by people that it wasn't real so it doesn't hurt. 

I'm always scared. I don't know if the person I'm talking to has seen
 me naked. Cameras make me very scared. And also in the same breathe, I am willing to do some terribly disgusting things. I have issues with boundaries and my skill in relationships is seriously lacking. Sex is difficult and it's all I'm really skilled at. So. 

I word vomited. I don't know if I'll regret writing this later. But, I'm numb. I don't really feel anything anymore. This is what it's like. I
 have different "personalities" that I parade across the stage. Each one
 is skilled in different things but none of them really feel much. 

I was real during the beginning of writing this. Around the time when
 I was talking about bandages and wounds. I was feeling something. But once I decided to write this all out I stepped back and stopped feeling.
 

Seriously, way off topic. I am still really furious about what happened. And, I wish I could hurt those people as much as they hurt me.
 Not kill them, not make them suffer physically but take away years of their life and make them feel exactly how I felt. I missed going to movies with friends because of these people. I missed learning to love myself because of them. This is turning into a journal entry. This is what abuse does. It tears out your insides so everyone can see. Or, it takes them and hides them so no one knows if they even exist. Including yourself. 

Sometimes I'm real othertimes I'm a porcelin doll. And that's horrific. What is my identity? Who am I? I'm not a bad person but do I matter? Do I have worth? Does anyone have worth? Or does worth only go to the world changers? If I have worth than these people hurt a human being. If I am simply a doll certainly I will cry but then the crime is not so tragic. 

After those 12 years I've been homeless. I've been used I've had sex that I consented to and then threw up after because I realized that I'm what they made me to be. No sex is able to be me and my partners. 

I participate in kink and BDSM and that has given me so much healing.
 An ability to trust people. But before I get tied up or during the after care I wonder each time if I'm doing it because I want to or is this a sick symptom of being a sex object. 

I'm rambling. This isn't me. This is not real-dreamer this is her... robot. 

Edit: fuck this is scary. I was re-reading this and it's just. Fuck. Does anyone identify with any of this? Seriously. I can't really piece together what it was. Near the end I felt like I was becoming disjointed
 and really just, like splattered paint on canvas. I don't know how to describe it with emotion words. I was angry, scared, I don't know what else. I felt really angry and just. Does anyone else ever feel like this? 
Damn you, catchy Roxbury song!
One can't even keep his head still after reading that

edit:  Wow, thanks for the gold!
Obama
 signs “BuySecure” initiative to speed EMV adoption in the US - " The EMV standard will require credit card companies to do away with the magnetic stripe cards that are common today in favor of cards with embedded-chips that will offer more secure credit card transactions."
Different countries do different things, it's an amazing concept! For example, only one nation has been on the moon. 
Browsing for Payday masks on eBay, when this cute little fella appeared.
Cains is in pikel
The growth of League of Legends and eSports in general
"you guys, its cool. hitlers just RENTING the sudetenland. its all good."

-neville chamberlain, 1938
My girlfriend's only comment after doing all of my laundry.
Your girlfriend/wife knows your Reddit username?

It's a bold strategy Cotton, let's see if it pays off for him.
I overthink too much when I'm alone.
You
 say this jokingly but this is a huge problem. Not trying to preach or anything but I think a huge reason people (especially young - and some not so young - men) get very anxious and fearful when alone is because we're so unaccustomed to any real suffering, and we tend to simply medicate all our problems with distractions, pleasure, gratification.

The only real way to "fix" anxiety, fears, doubts is to go through them, to jump into the unknown and become comfortable with experiencing them in all their fucked up glory. If, instead, at the first sign of suffering we distract ourselves with internet, games, porn... then we are giving all that negativity tremendous power and making a real boogieman out of it all. 

For myself a lot of my issues with anxiety and depression simply melted away the more I started living the full gamut of life... playing more sports, working out, where it hurts and it sucks but you feel awesome afterward, reading books which takes a long time but again is such a much deeper experience than surfing websites. Living more, being more active, stepping outside of comfort zones. Austerity also helped tremendously... the ups and downs and shitty parts of life are something
 everyone has to face, so cutting down on the net, cutting out the porn and wanking completely (I realized I wasn't 14 anymore), having cold showers in the morning.

Life is so incredibly easy and pain-free for us today that it's easy to take pain and suffering and mistakes and fuck-ups way too seriously. Jump in, make a bit of a mess and you realize really quickly that life's
 not so bad - not just the parts you can control, but all of it. Shrug.

Again, not trying to preach, this is just something I've been thinking about a little lately.

EDIT: Thanks for the gold guys:)  Glad this post struck a chord with some, really interesting discussion here too. Cheers.
After 20+ years of failure, but at last...  - [0:32]
this
 looks like one of those moments that happens when you got all sorts of shit going on and it's so dumb and meaningless but really, it means everything. you just break down over some dumb shit because up until that point nothing was going right.
 edit: thanks  for   the   gold  
Preferring Reddit over Facebook means you prefer the interests of strangers to that of your friends...
Redditors don't ask me to play candy crush, they just crush my feelings and opinions.

Edit: holy golden shit, thank you! But seriously, you can't take it back right? That would be the most devastating crush of all...
Just a man feeding peanut butter sandwiches to a gang of obese raccoons.  - [5:13]
So what if it is? Go fuck yourself.  - Bubbles 

Edit - my first gold ever and I told someone to go fuck themselves!? Wish I knew it was this easy. 
I'm only 18 and just started college.
Use that to fuel your fire.

Edit: My friends, thank you for the gold!  See you at the finish line, OP.  I'm 22 and still working on my first degree.
Thought this was common sense until last night....
I prefer my DD's wrecking PL fleets

EVE gold best gold.
A game I'm starting to work on
yes.

Edit: gold :O
Monitor Overclocking Example
for...having...the...same....monitor???

?????????????
Teaser for AMBITION (2014). This film is flying so far under the radar that it may as well be underground.  - [1:17]
it makes me really happy you got gold for that comment.
So my girlfriend just did this to me
Best
 person you'll ever have sex with is yourself. I've been masturbating 19
 years now if anyone knows how to jerk a dude off it's me.
Grandmother starves herself to death after UK's assisted suicide laws left her with 'no alternative'
I
 agree completely.  Terry Pratchet had a beautiful documentary on this subject, in which he discussed this issue, and he even filmed a man with
 a fatal illness who traveled to Switzerland in order to practice the right to die a dignified death there. I highly recommend this to anybody
 who is interested in this subject.  

http://www.dailymotion.com/video/xnu340_terry-pratchett-choosing-to-die_shortfilms

Also, for those who are interested in a subreddit for European documentaries, I invite you all to visit /r/eurodocs.   (Our sister subreddit for /r/european)
My
 girlfriend asked if she could watch me play a round of League of Legends so she could learn to play. After the game, this is what she said:
That's very interesting to the developer side of me. 

But it sounds more like she just wants to try and do things you like to spend more time with you. 
Fun Fact Frog
I love that you wrote this.

I'm a lucid dreamer and a firm believer in that fact that thoughts become reality.

Most think I'm off my rocker.
I smile and wish them a good day.
Radical Islam
Weird
 you would say this. I was living in an Islamic monarchy at the time, and most people I knew simply shrugged it off as just another dick trying to incite violence. Seriously, there were some who cared but the vast majority of opinions were 'eh, he's trying to rile us up, don't let
 him'. 

Which is not to say there weren't protests, but the idea that most of
 the Arab countries wanted the guy dead is a vast overstatement. 

Edit: Thanks for the gilding! 
Turkish President Erdogan: US meeting with PYD (Syrian Kurds) is ‘unacceptable’
Its also unacceptable for Turkey supporting ISIS. Here are some reports of Turkey cooperating with ISIS to defeat Kurds in Syria. 

Source BBC report on YouTube: Turkey help Jihadists ISIS highly recommended to watch entire 3 Minute video. It’s 100% BBC and nobody has edited any part of it 

Source YouTube News report. DW (Deutsche Welle) is Germany's international broadcaster

Mideast Expert: Turkey's Priority is Dealing Blow to Kurds and Toppling Assad

Source YouTube news report ABC News Turkey Faces Blowback For Support Of ISIS Fighters In Syria Interview with ISIS members and video captures Jihadist crossing Turkish border

Source: Today's Zaman is one of four English-language dailies based in Turkey
 Gov't arms extremist groups including ISIL, AK Party founder says


Source: Today's Zaman is one of four English-language dailies based in Turkey Nurse says she's tired of treating ISIL terrorists

Source: Aydınlık ("Illumination" in Turkish) is a daily newspaper in Turkey

The Turkish Intelligence Organization MİT is believed to be providing transportation and arms to terrorists in Syria.

Source: YouTube Video

Joe Biden: Our Allies in the ME Funded and Nurtured ISIS Turkey mentioned few times. Later that week, Turkey pressured US to apologize for his statement

Source: Aydınlık ("Illumination" in Turkish) is a daily newspaper in Turkey

ISIS Supporters Make Call for Jihad in Istanbul

Source Mobile video taken on a bus ISIS members taking bus in turkey without fear of getting caught

Source: Hurriyet Daily News is the leading news source for Turkey and the region

More than 1,000 Turks fighting for the Islamic Caliphate

Source: Today's Zaman is one of four English-language dailies based in Turkey

Albanian expert: Turkey waypoint for Balkan jihadists

Source Al-Monitor.com provides authoritative, in-depth coverage on the Middle East

June 30, 2014: Group with alleged links to Islamic State gathers in Istanbul

Source: YouTube News Report Video
 captures Turkish army moving heavy weapons into Syria, ISIS members in Turkish hospital, ISIS going to Syria from Turkish border under turkey’s
 army supervision

Source: IMC TV is a Turkish nationwide TV Live stream captures ISIS members crossing the border while Turkish army watching

Source Mobile photo Picture of Turkish soldier with ISIS members

Edit: Thanks for the Gold! Much appreciated. 
Warren in Minnesota: "The game is rigged, and the Republicans rigged it"

The game is rigged, and the Republicans rigged it


And if you are hoping the article goes on to explain how they rigged it, you're out of luck.
Inferno of a house fire with man trapped inside. Hero wanders on to the scene around the :50 mark.  - [5:01]
I
 can't figgure out why the daughter would yell repeatedly my dad is inside we have to get him out over and over. while she is watching the flames eating the house. Does she expect every1 to just run in and save her dad and risk their life while she is screaming save my dad?
I gues her life is more important than the guy that saved him.
Other then that rly awesome he got out, but like wtf?

edit: ty for the gold!
I got neither
I
 have an old well on my property, that I'd like to use for watering my new garden, but I'm not sure if the water is safe enough to use. Is there any way for me to check it, without paying an arm and a leg by having someone come check it for me? 

Edit: HA! GOLD BABY!! I'm rich! Now I can buy water kits and a marijuana. 
Is there a cataloging website like Goodreads for movies?
There
 is a watchlist option on imdb. I use it and it is great. You can sort by rating, release date and runtime, which is great for choosing. Use it.
I did the math: 12% of the U.S. population controls 60% of the Senate.
Yeah no fucking shit sherlock. They teach that in every high school government class. That was the point of the system

edit: Someone seriously gave me gold for this? Thanks dawg. 
Friends 15 year old son makes brilliant Lego movies - here is his latest  - [2:21]
I would hope that the folks over at /r/movies
 would smell the substantial stench of bullshit about this whole post. A
 karmawhore who just happens to have a "friend" who has a son who at the
 age of 15, that makes high production quality stop motion videos which end with advertisements that attempt to create financial gain. 

If there is a kid that is contributing to these videos, someone is definitely trying to capitalize off of his talents. The fact that LEGO is so expensive, only further serves to fuel my suspicions. There's nothing wrong with trying to help your kid follow their dreams and be successful. But creating a sappy backstory to try and maximize potential
 financial returns is just low. 

Edit: Apparently, I just got gifted gold for shitting all over a 15 year old for doing something that they love. Today was a good day. 
No one has ever done anything this nice for me. I have to keep her.
Ravens fan here. Also a fan of whoever the Steelers are playing.
After 20+ years of failure, but at last...  - [0:32]
Machine: Insert more coins. Insert more coins.

Man: What's wrong?

Woman: Because it's just, like I was, for some reason I just kinda had this, like, feeling that this was going to be the time and it just never happened and then [butterfly's ink?] that it was gonna happen, like, I knew.

Man: Okay, let's go, baby. 

Woman: Oh my god.
Console and PC #2: Dear Diary
Episode 4 Is very close to completion - around 2 more slides. There is however one slight
 problem: I don't have a computer. It died recently and I lost all my work so have been creating the Console and PC strips on demo softwares. For the meantime I cant promise daily C&amp;P but I will be uploading as
 frequently as possible and shall begin stockpiling. While I cant guarantee daily uploads you will be seeing a lot more of C&amp;P around December time. I'll see what I can do for Ep 4 but its all shady for now.

Caio!
Favorite Conspiracy Theory about a film
There's
 also the infamous "Superman curse" where Superman actors suffer tragic fates. George Reeves committed suicide, Christopher Reeve had his accident and died, and Dean Cain went on to star in God's Not Dead. 

Edit: Thanks for the gold!
Hey /r/nosleep, I have some tips to help you sleep at night!
You sir are going to be gilded for this.
The most clever lock you've ever seen  - [3:31]
I like it! I think I found one that has it beat. Everything about this video
 makes me just want to crack open a beer and unwind. Double relevant because it also includes passion and dedication for a certain trade.

Absolutely mesmerizing to watch.

Edit: Since you guys liked this video and the bricklaying video I linked, here is a video on how a cpu is made.

Edit 2: MY FIRST GOLD! THANKS KIND STRANGER!
Ex-Google lawyer nominated as patent office director
he?

Could you please just glance at TFA?
Washington
 State Patrol aircraft spots several cars traveling at dangerous speeds through traffic, radios ground units only to be told the offenders are law enforcement officers running late for a conference and to basically let it slide.  - [3:37]
That's
 better than nothing, but I think "simple fairness" would have dictated citing the officers rather than dismissing tickets. (And "satisfying justice" would dictate imposing a 3x penalty.)
A small but important distinction
When I am smarter than other people, their lack of esteem makes them think that I believe I am better than they are.

Unfortunately I have no control over their perceptions.
dont fuck with old people ;)
Maybe not anger, but probably something akin to muscle memory. Old man ducked and weaved with the ease of a 20-year-old. 

edit: this comment generated a lot of reddit gold AND I GOT NOTHING. I'm gunna pout and huff for like twenty minutes. 
The Swedish navy is chasing what could be a damaged Russian submarine in Sweden.
The Hunt for Reds in October.
The Swedish navy is chasing what could be a damaged Russian submarine in Sweden.
Every few weeks I see a news report of Russian jets entering Canadian airspace. It invokes a primal urge to join the military.

Is that what you want, Russia? You want me to join the military? Are you sure? I will fucking noscope you.
dont fuck with old people ;)
I would never go easy on any age Mike Tyson. Fuck that. 

edit: Meaning I would run away like a bitch.
The Swedish navy is chasing what could be a damaged Russian submarine in Sweden.
Us in Uruguay, for example. In case of war with Argentina, we have five planes and fuel for 24 hrs. So, we plan to lose.
dont fuck with old people ;)
thanks I guess. you too.

EDT: we should spend money on more reliable solutions than this $4 thing
Thousands
 of Macbook GPUs Failing - 18K signatures, a lawsuit, a Twitter campaign
 and a 600-page thread on their forum have yet to provoke any response from Apple
You still have to give us something shiny for our money.
dont fuck with old people ;)
eh, have some gold.
dont fuck with old people ;)
the hero something needs but laziness doesnt want to type.
[REQUEST] Python interpreter that deletes errors
I think I found it! https://github.com/munificent/vigil
In
 the Double-Slit/Which-Way experiment, how can they detect when a photon
 passed through a slit without affecting and changing that photon?
As far as the physical process goes in the double slit experiment, The experiment used polarized filters
 to accomplish the detection.  Polarizing filters are cool because they will only allow light that is the same polarization as the filter to pass through.  That means if two filters are placed at perpendicular angles to each other, they will block all light and if they are parallel, the will block no more light then one filter would.

In the double slit experiment, one slit is covered with a horizontally polarized filter and the other vertically.  This actually doesn't detect when and where about the photon but only the polarization
 of the photon, but this collapses the wave function of that photon into
 having either a horizontal or vertical polarization, which means it could only travel through one slit or the other, never both.  If it passed through the horizontally polarized filter, then there is no way it could have passed through the vertical, and vice versa. When we remove the possibility of the photon passing through both slits at the same time, the probability wave is essentially blocked for one slit or the other, and will only propagate through the one it can, like there is
 only one slit in the experiment, and produces a pattern that fits the possibility of that scenario, a blob of random photons, instead of the interference of if the wave had propagated through both slits.

Does this help?
The
 G.O.P. conundrum: Their solutions don't fix America's problems. You can't pay down $17 trillion in debt by cutting taxes, you can't solve poverty by lowering wages and you can't reign in an oligarchy by shredding business regulations.
Haha! The joke's on you!    They don't actually want to solve any of those problems. 
South Korea fires warning shots against North Korean soldiers approaching military demarcation line
I'm not! I love my Comcast!  All hail Chairman Wheeler!
Did You Know Steve Harvey Is a Religious Extremist Misogynist?
A
 more correct analogy would be, "So if I was born why do I have cousins?", as we evolved along side modern day apes from a common ancestor.

edit: Thank you benevolent Redditor for the gold.
Washington
 State Patrol aircraft spots several cars traveling at dangerous speeds through traffic, radios ground units only to be told the offenders are law enforcement officers running late for a conference and to basically let it slide.  - [3:37]
Best case scenario: You get pulled over, fined for speeding, let you on your way after a 10 minute stop.

Bad case scenario: You get pulled over, admonished, questioned in such a way to imply that you are a habitual lawbreaker. Ticketed.

Worse case scenario: Pulled over, admonished harshly, questioned in such a way to imply that you are a drug dealer/rapist/ scum of the earth. Bullshit excuse about you being intoxicated in order to illegally
 search your car, if nothing found, field sobriety test. Found to have failed an improperly administered test. Arrested, taken to jail. Charges
 will be dropped but you have 24-48 hours of bullshit to experience.
According to cops whim, might be beaten, tased, roughed up during any point in this stage.

Most of the times its a mix of the bad and best case scenario, enough times to be noteworth, its the worse case scenario.

Obligatory: Thank you for the gold!!
You Too May Be A Victim Of Developaralysis
One
 thing that annoys me is when frameworks advertise how easy it is to get
 started, totally discounting the setup time and learning curve:


With PerlOnRails.js, you can build a fully-feature * website in just 10 minutes:


Install the framework (and our custom package manager (and specific versions of 23 libraries...))
Create a new project with a convenient shell script that takes a variety of poorly-documented options.
Now it's time to write your project's config file, which uses a concise DSL that we invented. With just a few weeks of practice, the quirks of this language will begin to feel intuitive!
Declare your schema in yet another DSL that is Turing-complete but not in the way you'd want. It combines the best ideas from CSS, Erlang, and game theory. Appropriate SQL statements and HTML templates will be generated automatically!
Our paradigm doesn't support editing those HTML templates, but you don't have to because you can fix (almost) everything in CSS! For example, to style a user's name, use the CSS selector ".model_USER_namef". There's a good reason for the "f" at the end, which
 you'll learn someday.
Finally, run your server locally by executing the "start_server" command. Wasn't that quick and easy? Note that start_server is single-threaded and uses an in-memory database, so it's only suitable for testing. We'll discuss the possibility of deploying to production in
 a future blog post.


* Some features may be missing, including XSS protection, support for
 the browser's "back" button, and the ability to implement non-trivial logic.

The Swedish navy is chasing what could be a damaged Russian submarine in Sweden.
Moose cause fewer fires.
Kirsten Dunst is about to make you disgusted with our obsession with selfies and social media [short film 02:36]  - [2:36]
That title just smells of Buzzfeed or Gawker, you should be ashamed of yourself OP

Edit: danks m8 for the chronic gild
Humble
 Spud Poised to Launch a World Food Revolution - Dutch team pioneering development of crops fed by sea water. The salt-tolerant potato is “a game changer. We don’t see salination as a problem, we see it as an opportunity.”
Considering we're on the verge of self-salted fries?
No.
NOW IS THE TIME TO PLAY GOD!
My
 8-year-old brother is the honorary captain for our high school's JV football team. He has Down syndrome and likely won't ever get to play. Last night, they let him suit up and the teams ran this kickoff to him...  - [0:58]
Thing like this make my heart melt :)
Are the umbilical cord part of the mother or the child? Whose genes does it contain?
Literally
 my research here. In order to create an iPS cell, you need them to express transcription factors which cause a host of downstream signaling
 events that allow them to be pluripotent; there's limited evidence that
 you can even reverse some epigenetic modification and almost fully 'reprogram' the cell...depending on donor cell age. We typically do this
 using some sort of viral delivery system, but the issues here are that a
 virus will integrate with the host genome and the copy number isn't easy to to determine. So non-specific integration causes some concerns about the safety of these cells in clinical use, but you can look at episomal reprogramming or potentially small molecule to do this for clinical use (the STAP method would've been a god-send but it's been retracted).

So take any somatic cell, like a skin cell, and make it express a combination of specific transcription factors, like Oct4, Sox2, cMyc (controversial because oncogenic) and Klf4 with your method of choice. The cells now become "embryonic stem cell-like" and you can now differentiate them into your cell of choice. This method relies on using
 signaling cues that an embryo would experience during development and trying to mimic them. So, for heart, you'd want to activate the Wnt pathway to have the iPS cells go into the mesoderm, but then inactive the Wnt pathway to prevent the cells from going into something else (bone I believe?). You do this by hitting the cells with cytokines and sometimes throwing in nice engineering tricks like substrate stiffness, ECM, etc. Tons of labs have established protocols for differentiation of
 embryonic stem cells (and then consequently, iPS) cells into a number of different lineages.

Big names for iPS reprogramming would be Yamanaka and Thomson - they have a bunch of great papers for understanding the biology behind transforming a committed somatic cell into an iPS cell. A big name for differentiation and development would be Keller - he's come up with a protocol for nearly every tissue in the body. If you have any further questions let me know.

TL;DR:

1) take skin cell

2) make skin cell express specific transcription factors to turn into an iPS cell

3) expand, characterize iPS cell

4) use differentiation protocol to turn iPS cell into a cell of choice

5) characterize differentiated cell
South Korea prepares for 10Gbps broadband; transfer 1GB file in 0.8 seconds
"In
 the 1960s the world watched NASA send men to the moon and many of us grew up amazed at the constant advancements of the Americans,” said Natsuki Kumagai. “Now the Americans watch us.”

This is going to be a bitter pill to swallow.
Starting to think I've made a horrible mistake.
I
 used to deliver Chinese food in a not so great area. I always got compliments on how fast I was. You want to know my secret? I was only fast because I was absolutely terrified of the neighborhoods I was delivering to and I wanted to get in and out as quick as possible. If there was an Olympic sport for sprinting while holding 30 pounds of steaming hot food, I'd get gold. 
Russell Brand asked to leave fox premises for filming.  - [5:38]
No, the building does not really own the sidewalk.
A legend was born that day
Jameis
 Winston yelled "fuck her right in the pussy" and then got suspended for
 a game. He is the qb at Florida State and won the Heisman last year.  

Edit: http://deadspin.com/jameis-winston-yells-fuck-her-right-in-the-pussy-kil-1635466887
The most clever lock you've ever seen  - [3:31]
Most interesting video I've ever seen about something I care nothing about 

Edit: Thank you for the gold. 
GameSpot looks back at their 8 10/10 reviews  - [20:04]

Ocarina if Time - Adventure
Soul caliber - fighting
Chrono cross - RPG
Tony hawk pro skater 3 - extreme sport
Metal gear solid 4 - shooter/stealth
Gta IV - rockstar
Super Mario galaxy 2 - platformer
Bayonetta 2 - close combat Action  


EDIT: Stop upvoting this.  
Edit: Did not expect to get gilded for this. Thank you, stranger, you've made my day.
Yo, this is a story all about how,
My faith got flip-turned upside-down
Now just sit at your computer,
And listen to my rhythm,
Cuz' I'm about to tell you how I became king of /r/atheism!
In an Christian household, born and raised!
In the churchyard, is where I spent most of my days!
Singing hymns, giving praise, it was all cool!
And was making some prayers outside my Catholic school!
When a couple of guys
From the ACLU
Came in and started sharing their opposing views!
I got in one small debate
And my mom got fed up!
She said, "You're movin' with yo aunte and uncle over at reddit!"
I prayed and pleaded, Sunday after Sunday,
But she packed my Bible, and sent me on my way!
She gave a kiss, and her favorite Bible verse!
So I muttured under my breathe a blasphemous curse.
Reddit, what a strange name!
Is this my ticket to Internet fame?
Is this what the people of /r/atheism like?
Hmm, this might be alright!
The plane landed, and when I came out,
There was a dude looked like a priest, standing there with my name out!
I ain't tryin' to get to converted yet, I just got here!
I ran with the quickness of lightning, dissapeared!
I whisteled for a cab, and when one came near!
The liscence plate said, "Dawkins" and there was a legged fish on the mirror!
If anything, I could say that I could find a cab better,
But I thought "Nah, forget it! Yo, I'm a godless redditor!"
I subscribed to the subreddit about 7 or 8
And I yelled to the cabbie, "May you be touched by his noodly appenage!"
I was finally home,
Here at my kingdom,
To sit on my throne, prince of /r/athiesm.           
Pope Ousts Top Vatican Judge Known For Incendiary Anti-Gay Comments.
This
 will be a very unpopular answer, but it's the reality of the situation.
 Most folks around here are a bit too black and white to allow their mind to really fathom it (and I get it, I'm pretty damn black and white sometimes).

The Church, and specifically in this case, the Pope, can have these opinions, and specifically, dogmas, but that doesn't make it the end of the story. The current Pope, who I admire greatly, is stretching the Church and Her people into a new way of thinking.

The Church holds that homosexuality is a sin; a transgression against
 God's natural design and order. And historically the Church (not just the Catholic Church) has treated people terribly because of it. That's
 the stuff that Francis is working on here. And it doesn't stop with the
 issue of homosexuality, as he's also confronting how the Church handles
 folks who have children out of wedlock, who are openly having sex outside of marriage, who are living together prior to marriage etc.

The Church can view these things as a violation of God's will, natural order, design, etc. She's allowed to do so. Where the universal violation comes in is how She (or anyone else) treats people within that perceived violation.

Francis clearly still believes that homosexuality/sex outside of marriage/etc. is a sin, but he's going in and saying "lets stop treating
 people like shit because of it, because that's clearly not how Christ treated sinners, and a serious violation of how Christ instructs all of us to treat sinners, especially in light of our own sin". 

Francis seems to have a pretty firm grasp on reality and how you treat people, especially people that you think are wrong about things. If you look at the totality of his quotes and remarks on the subject, this becomes clear and apparent. The strict dogmas of the Catholic Church are strong and standing, and he's not going to go against them, but he will, and is, charging against how people are treated.

So everyone who instantly says "well, he's still anti-homosexual" is about as shallow as someone who persecutes homosexuals. You're in no way
 taking into account that someone can view homosexuality as a sin and not be a fucking asshole about it. Thats what Francis is doing.

So stop saying this isn't a step in the right direction. It is. And by denying it is, you're (the proverbial "you", not necessarily OP) is being just as much of an asshole as the guy calling for the heads of homosexuals. Celebrate that there's finally a Pope who says we (Christians) don't need to be a bunch of pricks, and our dogmas should revolve around love not hate.

Also, stop pretending like people aren't allowed to evolve emotionally, spiritually, and intellectually and, God forbid, change their fucking minds on things. 

EDIT I'm incredibly humbled that someone felt this post valuable enough to gild it (it is my first gilded comment, too). Thank you.
An
 executive in the Mormon Church makes a public statement confirming their embarrassing activity rates, Church-owned newspaper kills the quotes in an article. But not before it gets posted, copied, and screenshot by members of /r/exmormon
"Best Of"?  Really?  Is there anything about the thread that you linked to that doesn't seem like petty axe-grinding to you?

Edit:  Oh.  Almost all of your submissions are to /r/exmormon.  Wouldn't it be a cool world if we used /r/bestof to post things that were actually amazing, instead of kind-of-sucky things that promoted our own pet agendas?
Name two movies have a weirdly similar plot!
"I have a particular set of gills."
U.S. Marine Band vs. Republic of Korea Army Band  - [5:20]
Uncle
 Frank pauses for a long moment. His gaze shifts from little Bobby's eyes to somewhere slightly over Bobby's shoulder, to a long but sorely remembered past. His pupils dilate as a single tear rolls gently down his cheek, and the thunderous sound of cymbals slowly rises to a crescendo into his memory.

cue title: white on black

Band of Brothers: Actual Bands
Teaser for AMBITION (2014). This film is flying so far under the radar that it may as well be underground.  - [1:17]
it makes me really happy you got gold for that comment.
God damnit Die Hard With a Vengeance is such a great film
Do you know what the L stands for ? It stands for Motherfucker. 
They took my horn :&lt;
Dey terk err herrns!

EDIT: Oh wow, thank you kind stranger!
When marijuana becomes legalized, there's going to be a lot of confused police dogs.
The dog is also a magician. A labracadabrador.
 >thanks  for  the   gold!  
Teaser for AMBITION (2014). This film is flying so far under the radar that it may as well be underground.  - [1:17]
lol o shit

edit: Au-some, thanks stranger. shoutout to /r/asoiaf
Can someone source this? (Diablo 3 story)
http://us.battle.net/d3/en/game/the-story-of-diablo/?page=1

In here
Teaser for AMBITION (2014). This film is flying so far under the radar that it may as well be underground.  - [1:17]
How it feels to chew 5 gum: the movie
Teaser for AMBITION (2014). This film is flying so far under the radar that it may as well be underground.  - [1:17]
Saving this so I can give you gold next time I get paid.
We should have 13 months in a year instead of 12
This
 is why a lot of people like using base 12.  Its divisors are 2, 3, 4, and 6, versus 10 whose divisors are only 2 and 5.  My favorite example of this is buying eggs.  How many eggs would you typically consume in one day?  2?  3?  4?  Maybe making 3 eggs for two people?  Unless you somehow consume 5/day, you're better off buying by the dozen for storage
 and rationing purpose.

Fractions like 1/2, 1/3, 1/4, and 1/6 are all commonly used in construction.

Hell, we don't even say tens, we say dozens.

The months of July and August (I believe these were the two) were added in retroactively.  We originally had ten months.  Hence, OCTober being the 10th, NOVember being the 11th, and DECember being the 12th - each being name two numbers below where they should be.  And you know what?  It's a great thing we have 12 months.  Four seasons in the US, three seasons in some other countries (i.e. India), four business quarters.  Try scheduling these concepts in terms of 2.5 months or 3.33333... months if we had 10 months instead of 12.

And to OP, 13 months would be a tragedy.  It's prime.

Take the metric system, and use 12 instead of 10 and it'll be perfect, imo (way too late now though - too many computers out there).

Edit:  Woo!  Gilded at last!
Though not a appropriate joke for meeting that included the top execs, I have to admit the setup was perfect.
The farther away and fainter I hear this guy yelling this in my head, the funnier it is.
My college experience.
I've tried this.

Night: "Okay, I'm gonna wake up early and watch that new movie I haven't had time to check out!"

Morning: "FUCK. THAT. MOVIE." snore
All four suspected Ebola cases in Spain test negative for the disease
What's
 interesting is that these sorts of stories often end up devolving into a
 crude battle between people calling out for more stringent reactions, and for those calling for calm. 

"Oooh, where are all the panickers now?" or "Hey to every 'ebola expert' on Reddit who said we shouldn't care, should we be panicking NOW?" which makes as much sense as arguing about global warming based on
 whether or not it's currently hot or cold outside.

The issue is the same as it has always been -- Ebola is a very dangerous disease, but the biggest danger is that it is destabilizing countries in West Africa, and urgent resources -- human and monetary -- are needed in order to fight it. This involves both political will for nations to invest in a common good, and for individuals in those nations
 to step up and -- let us be frank -- risk their lives by stepping into the hot zone.

On the flip side, the danger is significantly less in the first world. Yes, the average hospital in the West is showing that it is unprepared for Ebola. Gaps in training and preparedness are being exposed. That said, in the panic over those who have been infected, we are ignoring the people who aren't being infected. Namely, not one family member of Thomas Eric Duncan (the Dallas Ebola victim) has yet contracted the disease. This despite living with the man for the four days between his initial fever and a worsening of his condition which brought him into the hospital. The only affected people have been the nurses directly caring for him, coming into contact with his body fluids. 

The disease is highly unlikely to spread "in the wild" in the West --
 patients will almost certainly be admitted to hospitals as they become ill enough to spread the disease. Certainly, if the outbreak continues, there may be some infections from travelers, but these will be minimal. The key is "if the outbreak continues."

The danger is, as it has always been, very, very real in West Africa. The disease is out of control, and we are nowhere close to containing it. The larger it grows there, the greater the chances are that it will cause extremely serious destabilization of the nations involved. Hospitals are already largely closed off to non-Ebola victims,
 prices for food and fuel are shooting up. This has a very real potential to precipitate a refugee crisis which would spread the disease
 to other nations. 

If, as the WHO is predicting, we could soon be seeing 10,000 new cases a week, there is a very high likelihood that it will spread to nearby countries in Africa, Nigeria, and begin to overwhelm healthcare facilities there. If countries panic and begin to impose travel bans -- as we are already seeing them begin to do -- it will cause economic devastation which could be worse than the direct crisis brought on by the disease.

This is extremely serious, but as counter-intuitive as it may be, we need to be heading right into the heart of this. This is a wildfire, and
 right now it is blazing out of control. Sparks are shooting off and landing on other structures, and the fire could soon spread beyond its current containment zone. We -- the advanced nations of the world -- need to be committing large resources in both money and manpower, and we
 need to put those gears in motion immediately. Whatever upfront cost we
 pay now will be dwarfed by the potential cost down the road.

This is not the time to panic, but that doesn't mean that we should be sitting back. We need to be moving -- now -- with a clear-eyed knowledge that this poses a serious risk to global stability if we fail to act. 
Well... this was an unexpected ascendance...
u wot m8
When I watch the news Ebola fear-mongering.
It
 is amazing to me how people on here will rationalize anything.  Ebola is a very nasty virus that seems to be able to spread quite quickly.  Pandemics are real deals and the cavalier attitude as it just being another scare is ignorant.  Ebola is a real thing and a lot of people are dying from it.  

Why does everything have to be either all-in or nothing at all.  How about we treat Ebola as it should be treated.  Overly cautious until we understand what it is and how to treat it.  

EDIT: Thanks for the guilding
I just don't know how to react
It's
 far easier to react around kids than adults.  They think in simpler terms.  One trick is to be as excited as they are.  Kids are discovering
 new things and are absolutely ecstatic about stuff that adults think of
 as common knowledge.  They can go flipping crazy because they saw the moon out during the day or a bird landing on a window sill.  

2-3 yr olds - Just say "That is awesome/pretty/neat/beautiful/adjective!  Did you do that all by yourself?"  They want an adult to see them trying to do adult things, making things, do things on their own.  Plus, you can throw in some new words that they'll associate with your reaction.  They really want to see your face and how you react.  20 seconds later, their short attention span will render the conversation uninteresting and they'll go
 away on their own.

4-6 yr olds - Short version - "Neat! Tell me all about it."  Longer version - Again, even if it is the ugliest little thing in the world, they may be so excited and you're it for the next minute.  But now you get to ask them HOW they did it and WHAT all those weird squiggles are.  Don't ever assume you know what it is.  They'll tell you.  My son showed me and him next to a bunch of palm trees.  "Oh wow!  Really cool palm trees you drew there!"  "No Dad, those are fireworks.  Don't you see?"  I had to recover with 'Yeah, what was I thinking?  Those don't look like trees at all.  Silly Daddy.  Awesome fireworks!"  They could be super excited that they figured out how to draw fingers on hands.... or shoe lace lines... or just odd little details.  They're figuring out details and how the world is all fitting together.  

Young kids really don't have much of an attention span so you don't need to trick them to go away.  They were interested in your opinion.  They will leave you alone soon enough.

Older than that, I have no clue.  I have a niece and nephews that went through that age but from about 7 on.. they were more interested in
 playing video games with me than showing me things they did. 

Oh, and don't try to tell them they're the best, smartest, most artistic, etc.  Just let them know that for that thing they showed, you thought it was pretty cool.

Edited:  Found a spelling error.
Edited:  Woo hoo!  Thanks for the gold!
Nearly 500 new female genital mutilation cases identified in England last month.
Hey, look, this isn't hard

DON'T PERFORM ELECTIVE COSMETIC SURGERY ON CHILDREN INCAPABLE OF GIVING CONSENT.

There's no need to discuss degrees or wax poetic about greater vs. lesser horrors. 

Just don't do it. It's fucked in the head. Don't be fucked in the head. Don't chop up little kids. End of fucking story. 
Instant job security.
Negative. 
What the deep web really is.
I want to say so many things about this post without breaking the rules that it hurts. Shame on you /r/nosleep... 

EDIT: Screw it. I'm not going to let this just sit around here
 like it is. If this gets deleted, then so what. Maybe I'm doing it for my own well being. However. I'm going to follow the rules, because I think OP may be a criminal, according to his/her story.

This post is off on so many levels. First off, since when did nosleep
 become the extent of let me describe this place where there are drugs, prostitution, and some people who just may or may not be a hitman. There
 was absolutely nothing scary about this post. One could say it was creepy,
 but then again a lot of things can be contextually creepy. I would imagine a lot of countries have bad areas of town, and describing them would be quite similar. But I digress. 

Location aside, I'm more creeped out that you seem to be such a tourist of this world. Actually I'm down right concerned. What did it was the fact that you watched a stream of a child being tortured for 2k.
 Well from my experience with porn (the regular non murder torture child
 type), when a user pays for a private session, it deactivates everyone else for watching. Don't even try to claim that this murder-porn site had a different model. If what you say is true then YOU
 were the one paying to watch a child get tortured. There is no loop hole around this. Because if that was the case, OP, nobody would pay. Pay to play gets roots from the criminal world. 

So - while traversing the deep web - as you were going deeper and deeper, did you ever stop and think, "oh silly me I'm participating in something highly illegal!" Wait! That's right. You're smarter than we are and that makes what you've been doing A GOOD GESTURE as our personal
 informant. It's the proxies, right? Or maybe it was the secret extensions that weren't .onion sites. Whatever it is, for shame
 on you, OP. I don't know a single rational human being that is desensitized from watching children be tortured and raped, simply because they've seen ever worse shit.

And finally, after reading all of this I'm in absolute befuddlement. The worst part wasn't what I read. It's how I saw the community respond.
 You guys want more? Well how about we get some rapists and murderers in
 here to share how they killed little kids, or tied up and left them for
 dead in a pool of their own blood? I won't debunk your story or anything you say, OP, because that's the rules. But I am absolutely ashamed at this community that I once respected to be so at awe over THIS story.

If my post gets deleted, then so be it. I guess then the nosleep I once knew is long gone. 

EDIT 2: I could nitpick at this story in more depth but I don't have too. I only had to pick ONE example out of his/her story... 
Pakistani
 Christian woman is sentenced to hang for 'blasphemous' comments about prophet Mohammed during row with Muslim women who refused to share water
I
 agree. I'm from Pakistan and a Muslim and these incidents happen in rural areas. I say that because theyre illiterate and cant read the Quran let alone afford it. 

That being said I personally think this is disgusting. The worst part
 is the agitators don't even get a slap on the wrist. Because deep down they think that what they actually did was right.
Just flawed people, hiding behind a flawed perspective of their own religion, hiding behind a flawed constitution in a flawed country.

As a muslim, if I was there to defend these people, I would probably be killed for it. 

I'm going to up-vote this article. Even though Im so embarrassed by it. My religion, my people. But so uneducated  and backward.

Edit: Thank you for the gold! I don't really think I've done anything to deserve it but tysm!
My fellow Shyguys will understand
Link to the past
Drought? Yeah, drought my ass.
The
 problem with the water consumption isn't just usage itself, it's that a
 vast majority of it doesn't return it to the same hydrologic cycle that
 supplied it. Cities are horrendous with their water relocation strategies in regards to this(see California Water Wars). 

Agricultural water usage is much more efficient with technologies like low-pressure or targeted irrigation systems that minimize/reduce the water requirements per yield; granted the U.S. is woefully behind other countries. The vast majority of their water usage returns to the same regions, unless horribly mismanaged, which does happen as a result of decrepit regulations or corruption. Second point of note, city water usage is a deferred value as they would not be independently sustainable
 without agricultural allocation of water. Via your own example, alfalfa
 is used to feed animals that end up on store shelves. 

Practicing good water use strategies is always valuable. Low-flow toilets essentially pay for themselves in water bills within a few months as compared to a regular alternative and running your sprinklers at after dusk to increase water uptake (reduced evaporation) also saves a
 good chunk of change. 

TL'DR - Reducing water usage is everyone's business, saying "It's not
 my problem, since that guy is much worse than me" is a poor attitude to
 solve any problem. 

Edit - Thank you very much for the gilded zephyr. /bow
Drought? Yeah, drought my ass.
He's right on both parts. Yes, the drought is real. Yes it's our fault. No, turning off your sprinklers isn't going to help. 

The vast majority of water consumption in California is not from residential use, it's from agricultural use. A full 80% of water use in California is specifically designated for agricultural use. 10% is purely for growing almonds, and 15% is purely for growing alfalfa.

Sure, you can argue that these crops financially support California. Sure, that's true. But if you're asking people to reduce water consumption, ask the right people. Getting a fucking low-flow toilet or telling someone to take a shorter shower isn't going to stop the drought. 
Finally, Nigeria's Kidnapped Schoolgirls Are Coming Home
Phrasing...
Why did the Empire bother to compact their garbage if they just ejected it into space anyway?
I know exactly what you're talking about. 

And now I'm on a quest to find it. 

EDIT: Found it!  http://i.imgur.com/P8AyX25.jpg
Tesla
 Motors Inc. would be blocked from selling its electric cars in Michigan
 under legislation that cleared the state’s legislature and now awaits Governor Rick Snyder’s signature to become law.
There's a lot of white sleeper-Kenyans in this damn country

EDIT: low effort gold get
First an airplane, then a cruise ship. I don't care about karma, but seriously.
He walks with Flagg. 
Drought? Yeah, drought my ass.
/r/UnexpectedThugLife

edit: Thank you very much.
Tesla
 Motors Inc. would be blocked from selling its electric cars in Michigan
 under legislation that cleared the state’s legislature and now awaits Governor Rick Snyder’s signature to become law.
Do
 not listen to him, good sir, my name is Kwezofu JONATHAN, I am son of Nigerian President Mr. Goodluck JONATHAN and can propose a very profitable transaction to you, good sir, where you may come into possession of a GIFT of TEN MILLION USA DOLLAR ($ 10,000.000,000] that I
 am needing to hide from the family of former Nigeriaa dictator Gen. Sani ABACHA who was dying in 1998 - please good sir for the transfering of only the sum of $500 SIX HUNDRED USA DOLLAR I am needing for formality and moving monie out of NIGERIA You can buy all Tesla you want, god bless you good sir!
Why did the Empire bother to compact their garbage if they just ejected it into space anyway?
I watched a documentary once  about life aboard a Star Destroyer. 

It was kind of hard to follow, though, because they focused mostly on
 what some farm boy and his friends were doing the whole time. 

EDIT: Thank you, kind person, for the glittery stuff.
Why are we afraid of making super bugs with antibiotics, but not afraid of making a super flu with flu vaccines?
Antibiotics
 target bacteria while the flu shot does not target the organism directly. Antibacterial agents cause damage to the organism, in this case bacteria, by affecting the way they grow, proliferate or by disrupting their structural integrity. Since these things are controlled
 by the genome of the organism, there can be mutations that can slightly
 change these pathways thus change the component that the antibiotic acts on. A simple example of this is how penicillin affects bacterial cell membrane synthesis. If the bacterium had a mutation, assuming the mutation is not detrimental for the bacterium, the target of the penicillin is now different and it cannot act on the bacterium anymore. This change, if it is successful, will result in antibacterial resistance and increase the fitness of the bacterium (increase its likelhood of transfering its genetic material to the next generation). Thus if we over-prescribe antibiotics without any control, we are actually selecting for bacteria that can resist these compounds and we are running out of options of antibiotics that we can use. These changes
 are permanent and will remain in the bacterial populations (genetics in
 this case is pretty useful for bacteria, detrimental for us). 

So antibiotics target the organism directly, and the organism can respond by changing itself and resist it. Vaccinations are a different story. The flu is caused by a family of RNA viruses called Orthomyxoviridae. The basis of vaccination is that we are providing non-pathogenic antigens for the immune system to respond to and mount an
 initial response. These antigens could be inactivated viruses (virus without its genetic material) or they can be smaller components of the virus. This initial response mediates the production of lymphocytes that
 can then mount a secondary response when the actual virus is in the body. This second response will be faster and most of the time you wont even notice that you have the virus. Flu vaccines do not target the organism, they just give our body a framework for the current virus that
 is around and allow it to respond to it faster. Bear in mind that viruses can mutate as well thus we have to get a new flu shot every year. 

I hope this answered some of your questions, let me know if you need something cleared up.

Edit: thank you so much for the gold kind stranger, I hope I was able
 to shed some light into this issue and answer some of your questions :)
 
Guys, my gaming career is ruined forever.

If I think that people are like that


I don't know about you, but I don't count junior high age kids as actual people
Redditor photographs a bolide fireball, a rare event that astronomers wait decades to capture.
Astronomer
 here!  Unfortunately, this is definitely NOT a wildly rare event, nor do astronomers wait decades to capture something like this.  Reddit is unfortunately just hyping this up to huge degree and unfortunately downvoting the comments saying otherwise.

In fact, NASA has a program in place around the country called the fireball network,
 where they regularly photograph the sky all night, every night for these sorts of meteors.  You can then even go to their website if you see a bright one to learn information about it, or watch the feed live!  They pick up several dozen a year- unfortunately the one OP caught isn't in one of the areas with a survey camera in place.

Don't get me wrong, it's a nice picture and a nice serendipitous find, but certainly nowhere near as huge a deal as many are making it out to be just now.
2 years and 4.5 million blocks later, my Minecraft Xbox 360 map is nearing completion
Link to image #6.
 I am a bot. User mrfun2 can toggle NSFW or delete this comment.
Man gets a hard-on at the worst possible moment
First step is to be able to even reach the denim. 
Colombia cancels flights from West Africa because of Ebola
Its
 not about people's feelings.  To respond to your point, I'm going to quote an article because there's no reason for me to reword it when they
 wrote it succinctly.  I'm sorry to copy &amp; paste this post multiple times, but there are a few ebola-flight-ban posts on the front page here
 and I think this information answers the question of why there
 isn't a ban for the US, and it isn't as crazy as some people seem to think (nor does it have to do with hurting feelings):


Dr Tom Frieden, director of the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, has tried to explain why he doesn’t support a travel ban:


Importantly, isolating countries won’t keep Ebola contained and away from American shores. Paradoxically, it will increase the risk that
 Ebola will spread in those countries and to other countries, and that we will have more patients who develop Ebola in the US. People will move
 between countries, even when governments restrict travel and trade. And
 that kind of travel becomes almost impossible to track.


Simply put: you can’t seal the country. If you blocked air travel, it
 would force desperate individuals to use alternative routes – over land
 and sea – to escape the epidemic. They’ll still end up in the US, except you won’t know where.

For most countries, the results indicate that an 80% air traffic reduction more than halves the probability of importing a case of Ebola.
 For the US, the risk is reduced from around 75% to 25%.

But those risks don’t stay static.

An 80% reduction in air traffic only postpones the inevitable. “This is just delaying by four weeks what would have happened without those travel restrictions,” Vespignani explains. What about a 90% reduction? It would only buy you another month or two.

A travel ban is short-sighted, and would be ineffective in the long run. It’s the epidemiological equivalent of an ostrich sticking its head
 in the sand: ignore the problem and hope it goes away.

http://www.forbes.com/sites/jvchamary/2014/10/13/ebola-travel/


And now to steal some bullet points from another little article:


Banning flights from Ebola-stricken countries sounds like a logical step to contain the spread of an outbreak that’s been spiraling out of control in West Africa for months. But the policies that give people a sense of security aren’t always the ones that get the best results from a global health perspective. Experts say there are a couple significant reasons why travel bans are actually the wrong approach:


It will prevent health officials from being able to effectively track people with symptoms.
It will only delay the inevitable spread of Ebola while the outbreak continues in West African countries.
It will become a logistical nightmare.
It could destabilize the countries at the heart of the outbreak.


http://thinkprogress.org/health/2014/10/16/3580494/travel-ban-wont-solve-ebola/

Microsoft has filed a strike against an educational Youtuber for his negative opinions against Windows 8.1.  - [14:59]
There seems to be some confusion in the comments. Refrain from commenting if you didn't actually watch the fucking video.



What has happened.

Microsoft has filed a strike on this guy's Youtube video. As a result, he's prevented from doing live streams, and more importantly, prevented from making videos that are longer than 15 minutes. Here's what sucks, all of his videos are longer than 15 minutes. He makes 1-2 hour video reviews on products. 

What does this mean for him? This guy has been making videos for the last 5 years, and has been posting through Youtube for the last 3 years.
 It is his lively-hood - his full-time job - it's how he makes all of his money. If this hold on his account isn't removed, he will be forced to migrate his entire "video business" to another server, along with his
 400k subscribers (which is pretty damn impossible.) On top of that, his
 pay will likely be stunted like crazy considering his sponsors won't like the fact that he's no longer on Youtube. 



Now why should you care?

Because Microsoft's claims are fucking bullshit. That's why. 

They made this "copyright strike" on Eli's video claiming that they were protecting their copyrighted material. But this is absolutely baffling considering YOU CAN'T STEAL MICROSOFT 8.1 THROUGH A VIDEO. So how in the hell do they get to make that claim?

Well apparently, Microsoft stated that since people were allegedly
 posting Microsoft Product Keys in the comments section, they had the right to remove the video entirely by filing a strike on it, which has resulted in Eli's entire Youtube Channel getting cut at its ankles. 



Now I'm no lawyer, but in my personal opinion, this is just cruel. This guy's full-time job is essentially getting demolished because some people posted product keys in the COMMENTS SECTION?
Just
 met a new coworker and trying to make small talk. She says she has a tattoo and I ask her what it's of, so she shows me pictures...
Is that what he asked?
Edit: Thanks for the Au
Terrorists have a sitcom argument after failed attack  - [2:41]
Curb your Jihad

edit: thanks for the gold yo
Cops were called and I am still shaking.
I am also glad you live in Europe
That's... pretty damn accurate.
Happened to Germany while playing Brazil not long ago.
Jon Stewart vs. Bill O’Reilly - White Privilege  - [13:16]
Right
 but the wording of it is what is polarizing. Why label it white privilege and not minority disadvantage or something? Now you just cast any white opinion opposing the matter as them not understanding because of their privilege. Now you've polarized your left leaning base to hate the "white privileged" conservatives so no real discussion can be had unless you accept your white privilege which is what Jon is trying to do
 here to Bill.

Bill is acknowledging what most do, which is a history that does give
 the group a statistical disadvantage but doesn't think it's as important a factor as to say there is such a thing as white privilege when on an individual level it's pretty clear that it doesn't play a huge factor. That their historical disadvantages does not equate to the amount of disparity we see statistically. Him citing Asians as an example is part of his argument. That there was a group that was similarly disadvantaged and now statistically has an "advantage". He's using this as a point because no one believes Asians have an inherent advantage because they're Asian but using the same logic they use for white privilege, you would have to so it nullifies the point substantially. Meaning if white privilege exists based on statistics then you would have to accept that Asian privilege exists as well because of the same statistics. That's how philosophic arguments work.

On a side note, if the goal was to ACTUALLY get blacks out of poverty
 and up to par with white people, subsidies and victimizing would be the
 opposite way to go with solving it IMO.

Edit: some grammar
Shadow Of Mordor just got a photo mode
Your time has come Uruk-hai, you will meet your death by my blade!

But first, let me take a selfie.

*Obligatory gold edit: Thanks for the gold, kind stranger.
My wife said that when I showed her the feature :D
Terrorists have a sitcom argument after failed attack  - [2:41]
Not even crazy. Just born into some set of circumstances where this doesn't seem like a terrible idea. 

Some choose it and some have just lived this life. They do it for money or glory or religion or loyalty. They laugh and cry and are just as scared as you or I would be. They just were born to different parents
 with different families and different friends in a different society. At the end of the day most of these people are just soldiers that are doing what they are told to do and trying to go home at the end of the day.

Edit: a word

Edit2: Wow. My first gold. Thanks!
People on death row should choose the endless breadsticks from olive garden as their last meal.
http://i.imgur.com/1jRL4rz.png?1

Edit: http://i.imgur.com/75H1mlb.png?1
Redditor photographs a bolide fireball, a rare event that astronomers wait decades to capture.
But the person whose comment is 3 comments away sure does
Fast-charging batteries reach 70% charge in 2 minutes, and last 10,000 cycles (compared to 500 currently).
And they'll be available within 10 years-to-never.
Terrorists have a sitcom argument after failed attack  - [2:41]
GEORGE: What do you mean, Jerry?! I pressed the detonator, and it didn't go off!

JERRY: Didn't go off?!

GEORGE: It didn't go off!

JERRY: No explosion?!

GEORGE: No explosion, Jerry!

JERRY: Well did you have it on D?

GEORGE: D?

JERRY: D! The channel! Channel D!

GEORGE: Channel D...

JERRY: Yes! Channel D! The one I told you to use!

GEORGE: Hehe... That's uh, that's interesting, Jerry, now that you say that...

JERRY: I told you to use D!

GEORGE: Well, uh...

George changes the detonator's channel to D and presses the button. An explosion is heard in the background.

JERRY: D!

GEORGE: D...hehe...wouldja look at that...

JERRY: D!

Kramer slides out of nearby hut door, black with soot and hair smoking from the explosion.

KRAMER: ...Hey.

GEORGE &amp; JERRY: Hey.
Redditor photographs a bolide fireball, a rare event that astronomers wait decades to capture.
This
 is just a normal meteor, and not really rare at all, people who spend a
 lot of time photographing the sky get these semi-regularly, it's cool and lucky but not all that rare and definitely not 'important' like they're making out in the other thread. Here's one of roughly the same brightness I got along with an aurora stream and a moon halo

Copying my post from that thread:

That's not a fireball. I can't identify any of the visible stars so I
 can't estimate it's magnitude but it appears roughly the same brightness as the brightest stars in the image. The generally accepted definition of a fireball
 is brighter than mag -4 (~40 times brighter than Vega, one of the brightest stars in the sky), usually with visible fracturing and a bright terminal flash. This has none of those features, it's just a bright meteor.

The smoke trail is normal for meteors but only visible at the right solar depression angles where sunlight is hitting the trail up at ~100km
 altitude but the sky is still dark enough to get contrast. it's definitely rarer than the meteor alone but not 'important' rare.

It looks like any other random meteor I've ever gotten in a image sequence.
The Alien Has Landed

so I'm out.


Fire off an application anyways. Worst-case, they call you in for the
 interview, you freeze up, crash, and don't get the job. The best-case scenario is that you get an awesome job that will probably pay you to continue learning as you go. Firing off applications into the blue is how I got my current job, and my previous one. It's been great. You can do this. I'm cheering for you.

&lt;hug&gt;
Jon Stewart vs. Bill O’Reilly - White Privilege  - [13:16]
People
 in this thread claiming that anyone can succeed: It has literally been proven, via statistical research, that racial bias and white privilege exists.

Example studies: 

Resumes were sent out, exactly the same, one with very stereotypical Black names (Tameka, Latisha) and others with White names (Kristen, Jennifer). The White resumes got a call back. http://www.nber.org/digest/sep03/w9873.html


A job applicant with a name that sounds like it might belong to an African-American - say, Lakisha Washington or Jamal Jones - can find it harder to get a job. Despite laws against discrimination, affirmative action, a degree of employer enlightenment, and the desire by some businesses to enhance profits by hiring those most qualified regardless of race, African-Americans are twice as likely as whites to be unemployed and they earn nearly 25 percent less when they are employed.


Black men with the same credentials as White men, except the White men were convicted felons, were hired less than White men: http://ac360.blogs.cnn.com/2008/08/09/study-black-man-and-white-felon-same-chances-for-hire/


The results of these studies were startling. Among those with no criminal record, white applicants were more than twice as likely to receive a callback relative to equally qualified black applicants. Even more troubling, whites with a felony conviction fared just as well, if not better, than a black applicant with a clean background.


As much as it hurts to admit it: You benefit from your race. You benefit from your background. It's not something to make you feel guilty, but you have to admit it.

edit: 

This is a good motto that I've found to be true about privilege: "Some people start on third base and grow up thinking they hit a home run."
My PS4 / XboxOne Gaming Setup
1) I actually laughed at this, because on the surface, certainly seems a fair point.

2) separate consoles:  PS4 is what my friends game on, but I want some of the XB exclusives (notably MCC/Halo 5). 

3) The mac was a good looking, small form factor, media player.  

4) Destiny was fun as hell...for 2 weeks, I've since moved on to other titles.

I could've gone PC easily but I really enjoy console gaming and don't
 really care for putting together a nice PC build or buying an off the shelf option.

EDIT: First Reddit Gold - Thank you!!
Redditor photographs a bolide fireball, a rare event that astronomers wait decades to capture.
Mom's spaghetti
PC gamers are a glorious community: OP DELIVERS!
Looks like the color scale of healthy urine. 

We're becoming more and more dehydrated.
I have all my components, but the case comes tomorrow. 24 hours of torture starting now.
They have a parking feature which means if there is no reading or writing happening for a while, it parks the head outside of the platter.

Sounds good right? No, because the drives are only rated to withstand
 300.000 of these parking cycles, which is called Load Cycle Count, or LCC. By default, it parks the head after 8 seconds of the drive being idle. If the disk is barely getting used, like if you were watching a movie, it could constantly park and depark and if you go above the 300.000 value, you're warranty is void regardless of how long ago you bought it.

But do not worry, you can change that value to a higher number so that it won't keep parking that often. The highest value which you can use is 300 (=5 minutes) so worst case scenario is that you park it 288 times a day, which means it can't go above 300.000 in close to 3 years. But of course you're not going to park it 288 times a day, not even close.

You can also disable the parking feature compeltely (setting it to 0), however that is unadvised because it can causes issues.

You need a tool called WDIDLE3 which you can read about and found here

Disclaimer: it's not a necessity to do it, but it is highly recommended.

Edit: Thanks for the gold!!!
The Alien Has Landed
NO DIE I'LL STAB YOUR DICK

EDIT:THANK YOU FOR THE GOLD BUT WHY EVEN
Tonight I learned my son's middle school will be showing the movie "God's Not Dead" in their classrooms tomorrow. Advice?

Should I be doing something else like talking to the school?


It depends.  Was this thrust on you at the last moment, or was this planned and announced -- to you and other parents -- well in advance?

It's illegal.  Get all evidence of the event, get help from the FFRF, SSA, and AU;


http://ffrf.org
https://secularstudents.org
https://au.org


I'd be very curious when the event was scheduled and when the parents were informed.  

If you found out about it weeks ago, a private talk with the school might have been effective.

If you found out only a little while ago, then that seems like a strategic attempt to push through the event without parents complaining.
  The three organizations above will be your best bet.
Redditor photographs a bolide fireball, a rare event that astronomers wait decades to capture.
Fun
 fact: the rare crackling noise is made not by the meteor itself, but by
 objects around you (such as foliage) as they react to the intense burst
 of VLF radio waves. That's why the sound is able to "travel" at the speed of light instead of taking several minutes.

Edit: Bonus fun fact since someone gave me gold. Edmund Halley, the brilliant 18th century astronomer who has a famous comet named after him, heard about this phenomenon and wrote it off because it seemed to be impossible.


The same question has bedeviled some of history's greatest scientists. For example, in 1719 astronomer Edmund Halley collected accounts of a widely-observed fireball over England. Many witnesses, wrote Halley, "[heard] it hiss as it went along, as if it had been very near at hand." Yet his own research proved the meteor was at least "60 English miles" high. Sound takes about five minutes to travel such a distance, while light can do it in a fraction of a millisecond. Halley could think of no way for sky watchers to simultaneously hear and see the meteor.

Baffled, he finally dismissed the reports as "pure fantasy" -- a view that held sway for centuries.


You can't blame him too much since that was before anyone knew about the existence of electromagnetic waves, but it makes you think about what kinds of crazy stuff might be easily explainable in the future.
Nina Pham gives interview from her hospital bed  - [0:57]
"No crying. Seriously, don't cry. Your tears will give people ebola."
Steve-O looks like he's thoroughly enjoying life. Good on him!  - [1:58]
Hot dog, I know the director of the movie he's in.  So.. uh, there's my lame claim to fame.

Edit: gold?!? Holy shit. Now I have two lame claims to fame! Thank you!
Nearly 500 new female genital mutilation cases identified in England last month.
This
 is insanity. Enemies of liberalism are using the threat of political correctness to dismantle the rule of law and liberty that much of the west has been built on.
FBI Director to citizens: Let us spy on you Encryption will “lead all of us to a very dark place,” FBI director says.
Why
 do we not have unfettered access to all government/military data? Because inevitably someone somewhere will do horrible things with that information. 

Why do we not want them to have unfettered access to all of our data?
 Because inevitably someone somewhere will do horrible things with that information.
Shots fired...
Shots fired is so fucking overused it has now become 

Shots tired. 

Fuck I should work for WIRED. 
Planning End of Life procedures with my divorced Mother....
After trying hard all her life, she'll finally get them to eat her out. 

Edit: thank you whoever gilded me. My first gold. :D
Redneck couch moving  - [1:17]
http://gfycat.com/WealthyNiceGoose
In the life of a shy person. I don't want to attract too much attention, but I do want a little.
The song of  
As an update: Wow, thanks for the gold stranger. : http://www.meforum.org/441/why-arabs-lose-wars the article I was referring to. Update ends.

They are the same thing, the same problem. Yesterday someone posted a
 link in another story to an explanation of why the Iraqi army and Arab/Muslim armies in general are so terrible at fighting.

Education has a lot to do with it. The oil nations have spend absolute fortunes on trying to educate their people because they are all
 very much aware that both oil is going to run out one day AND that idle
 hands are the devils play thing.

See Libya, a very rich nation where everyone had an income. So why did it rebel? Because literally thousands upon thousands of young people
 had an education and no jobs. Especially no jobs for said education. Leave and find work abroad? Then they run into the fact that they just aren't very good, their university diploma just has no worth in the west. 

Even more then the Japanese and Chinese, Arab/Muslim education is about memorization, not problem solving. And every educator is more concerned with his/her career and office politics then freeing kids minds. Make sure the right kids get a high grade and make sure they never EVER hear anything their parents might not like because their parents might be a prince and your head might end up in a basket. 

The leaders know their education sucks, so they splurge to improve it, buying super computers that sit idle, build massive universities that churn out people with no skills and for who there is no demand. 

It is telling that even after years of this massive investment in education, the oil nations still are run by foreigners. The A and C ark.
 The architects come from abroad and the brick layers come from abroad. The Saudi's, the Qatars are the B-ark. They consume by spending the oil money but that is their only role.

Imagine a king who promises the teachers weight in gold if he teaches
 them how to be a better ruler. But anyone who teaches anything critical
 about the king, will be beheaded.

Can't be done. Either you praise the king in your teachings and therefor he can't improve OR you do and loose your head.

Don't believe? Go to any outstanding place of education and look around, MIT, TU Delft, Oxford, you will find no end of complete freaks with the most wild ideas about absolutely everything at all. And that is
 just the students, the professors are completely insane. 

It is no secret that during the Manhattan project (Nuclear bomb WW2) the army was extremely reluctant to give all the researches involved full clearance to work on the work they were working on. In Russia they had special research divisions in jail so political prisoners could work
 on government research projects.

As said, the oil nations have been spending a fortune on education. Now name just one time they made the news with an invention. Lots of countries make the news with science. But not all.

Education only works if people are free to explore ideas. Any ideas. And that is something Saudi Arabia does not allow. This giving away of cars is their wrong approach to try to solve their lackluster performance with regards to education and science.

It won't work because great teachers can only teach what they are allowed to teach and the most important of that is free thinking. And before you ask "Oxford, a place of free thinking" remember where groups like Monty Python got started.

Even giant boring companies in the west can create free thinking, Xerox and the invention of modern computing was engineers gone wild. Sony, before the bean counters took over, was a company of engineers where even the top CEO knew how to handle a soldering iron and they did best when they just the engineers do what the fuck they wanted.

You can't invent the walkman or the mouse or the transistor with a bonus. Sometimes people complain that research (or in business R&amp;D) costs a lot of money and doesn't seem to produce much. This is true, if you look at individual projects. But when you do land a success, it changes the world. But you need to let people be free.

There is a reason most science is done if free countries and that with the rise of freedom humanities knowledge and capabilities have exploded.

And Saudi Arabia is not a free country and you can give every teacher
 a BMW but it won't change anything because the female teachers can't drive it and the male teachers will be to afraid to teach the wrong thing and be banned from driving on account of not having a head anymore.
John Wayne followed by his horse while filming THE ALAMO, circa 1959
"You Won't Believe Where The Term Horsepower Comes From! 10 Word Origins Your English Teacher Doesn't Want You To Know About!"
This is what the tombstone looks like for atheist US veterans when buried in a national cemetery
Fortunately for this man's grave, Christian right wingers have to convey their fake hard on for veterans so this grave is safe. 

Can confirm. Am a brown ex Muslim atheist wounded veteran. Right wingers have a hard time with me. They are like "I want to hate you but I
 can't god dammit!". 
An entire city tells Comcast it’s not wanted thanks to ‘deplorable and substandard’ customer service
It is. The internet is sick, I just hope it isn't terminal.
PC gamers are a glorious community: OP DELIVERS!
How darker do you guys think this can go?
We've lost a brother
Consoler here. Regardless of PC VS Console, we've all lost a fellow gamer. 

EDIT: HOLY SH!T, GOLD! Thank you who ever blessed me with this. 
PC gamers are a glorious community: OP DELIVERS!
Hey, thanks for the gold, have some gold!
PC gamers are a glorious community: OP DELIVERS!
Oh sweet it DOES turn a darker shade of gold than last time!
An entire city tells Comcast it’s not wanted thanks to ‘deplorable and substandard’ customer service
Bad customer service extends all the way down to the lobbyist level.
My dad thought it would never start again, and couldn't afford to replace it. But then my best friend came along.
Even better, BonChon.

e: Holy wow, thank you for the gold!
PC gamers are a glorious community: OP DELIVERS!
Go look then :)
Could you Skype at Relativistic Velocities?
Disclaimer:
 this may be completely wrong (anyone please correct me), and may contain too much maths for the faint-hearted (or whatever the mathematical equivalent is).



I don't know if this will help, but this
 is the diagram I made for my Special Relativity notes on the Twin Paradox (which is what this is sometimes called) - although it was a long time ago and my memory isn't that great.

Two people, A and B start at a point in spacetime O. B travels away at some speed v to the spacetime point Q, turns around and comes back (again at speed v),
 and joins up with A again at the spacetime point P. A stays where they were. A's path in spacetime is marked in blue, B's in red.

There are 6 axes we care about. The first are the easy ones; the x and ct axes. These are respectively the space and time(ish) axes from A's perspective. Two points at the same height (so same ct value) happen at the same time for A, and two points at the same distance across (so same x value) are in the same place. A stays in the same place, and moves through time (so just straight up).

The second two are the ct' and x' axes. These are the time and space axes from B's perspective as B travels away. From B's
 perspective, B doesn't move. The rest of the universe moves around them
 (as with all of us; position etc. being relative). So B travels along their own ct' axis in the same way that A travels along their ct
 axis. This is the same thing that would happen in a non-relativistic model. The key difference once special relativity is added is that travelling at some speed relative to something else not only skews the time axis (the ct one) but also the space axis (the x one). It sort of squishes time and space together a bit (more the faster
 you go, to the point where when you hit the speed of light - c - they sort of merge).

So from B's perspective, things that lie along the x' axis have the same ct' value and so happen at the same time. From B's perspective. But not from A's perspective.

tQ is the time from A's perspective when B stops and turns around. The way the maths works, tQ is more than t'Q (the time for B to get from O to Q). A sees B age slower on the way out - more time passes for A than for B.

From B's perspective, though, when B reaches Q, A is still at M (because points along that dashed line from M through Q happen at the same time from B's perspective). And the time from O to M is less than the time from O to Q (t'M is more than tM). From B's perspective, while B is travelling out to Q, less time passes for A than for B; A ages slower.

And the same happens on the return journey. But this time we need a different set of axes for B's perspective - ct'' and x''
 - to account for the fact that B is now travelling in the opposite direction. Again, from A's perspective less time passes for B than A. From B's perspective, though, when B leaves Q, A is at N, not M. This is
 because B's space-axis is now x'' not x'; Q and N happen at the same time for B. Again, this gives us the result that on the way back less time passes for A (the time from N to P) than passes for B.

Which gives us the supposed paradox; for both parts of the journey, both A and B see time passing slower for the other. Which obviously cannot happen.

The answer can be seen from the diagram. From B's perspective, when B
 is at Q (turning around), A jumps from M to N instantaneously. But for A, A passes from M to N normally. While B is turning around, A makes up a
 load of time and "overtakes" B. Meaning that overall, less time passes for B than for A from both their perspectives. B ages less.

This is kind of due to acceleration (as others have noted). In order for B to accelerate (both to start, to turn around and to stop) B has to
 shift reference frame (or inertial frame). Accelerating (or changing inertial frames) is when weird stuff happens with time and space. In the
 simplified diagram, B accelerates infinitely (changing velocity instantaneously) which is why we get the jumps in time. If B had accelerated smoothly (B's worldline would look something like a rotated bell curve rather than a triangle) the overall effect would be the same,
 but the changes would be more gradual; as B accelerated away from A, A's time would slow down (from B's perspective). As B decelerates, A's time speeds up and overtakes B's, then as B accelerates back it slows down again, and then when B decelerates to stop next to A, A's time speeds up again (until it matches B's).



Now, substitute B for you, A for Earth, v for 0.5c, and Q for "a few lightyears" plus a bit and that roughly covers your example. Except for things like General Relativity, and that the Earth isn't an inertial frame (it orbits the Sun etc. - i.e. it is constantly accelerating itself).

If you're interested, the extra time that passes for A (in the simplified version) is 2  2/  2 times tQ. If v = 0.5 c, that comes to a nice 0.5 tQ. I think.



tl;dr: As you accelerate you see time slow down on Earth, as you coast it passes at a constant slower rate, as you turn around the clocks speed up a lot and the overall time overtakes the one on yours, as you coast back they've slowed back down to the constant slower rate, and as you decelerate to land they speed up again to they are ticking at
 the same rate as yours, but they're further ahead overall.
PC gamers are a glorious community: OP DELIVERS!
Mother fucker, when I had gold i didn't know about that, well shit.
Cool Moment in the Nintendo Store

who knows?


I'm pretty sure you're supposed to know that.

Unless... she slipped you... a rupee
"We don't need these stupid warning messages"
When
 I want to piss people off, I put my stupid comments where stupid people
 can't remove them: in the password salt hash string.

One particularly horrible employer has a password hash string similar
 to: "If you're reading this, get out while you still can. They'll treat
 you like a 4 year old and expect 24x7x365 on-call"

It can't be removed or changed without changing all the passwords everywhere or breaking everything.
/u/nomoch explains how poverty, not bad policing, causes human trafficking.

 
If
 you're interested in the point of view of someone who has 1) gotten violently raped at age 13, 2) had a stepdad convicted of a pedophilia type crime at age 13, 3) was in the military which is notorious for improperly handling sexual harassment/assault, and 4) does NOT think men
 are evil, and is happily in a relationship right now, etc. keep reading.

At 13, I was brutally raped by a 16-year-old boy. I mean the kind of rape you see in TV shows or movies. Later that year, the FBI raided our apartment due to a pedophilia type crime my stepdad was accused and convicted of (if you'd like the detailed stories, just let me know). Now, yes these events did psychologically fuck me up for quite a while and perhaps there is still room for healing, but I am in no way, shape, or form a "men are evil pigs" thinker. Despite my experiences, I always had more male friends than female friends, joined the military, and have
 met some good men throughout my life.

For one, I do feel like rape is being thrown around loosely. If you never said, "no", if you never fought it, or if you were both intoxicated, I don't think it should be labeled rape. Own up to your actions, it was a damn mistake. Also, if you were both
 intoxicated or willingly under the influence of any substance due to a party or whatever, and you never said NO or showed any indication that you didn't want to have sex, don't fuck up the guys life and label him a
 rapist! By no means does this opinion indicate that I participate in "victim-blaming" or "slut-shaming". 

Conversely, brutal/violent rape is definitely not the only form of legitimate rape. My sociopathic rapist (now incarcerated) tormented me for years after the incident. He'd find ways to reach me and write letters/emails/text messages and would call what happened that day "love-making". I truly believe that if I hadn't physically fought him off, just said "no" &amp; tense up or something, at most I would have had bruises from him holding me down, not beaten up as I was. That's not
 to say that I have any fault in escalating the situation. Bruised and beaten, or not, it was rape. 

Also, if you're in a serious/long-term relationship or married, it doesn't give any of the partners the automatic right to sleep with the other even if the other doesn't want to. 

Men can get raped too, by other men or women, and their cases should be treated with as much sympathy and compassion as a woman's.

I could go on &amp; on, but I'll stop there unless anyone has any questions, refutations, add-ons, etc. 
The
 Islamic State militant group has been driven out of most of the northern Syrian town of Kobane, a Kurdish commander tells the BBC. Baharin Kandal said IS fighters had retreated from all areas of the border town, except for two pockets of resistance in the east.
I gotcha - former military here, couple deployments fighting the Taliban, decently experienced with asymmetric warfare.

Basically, it's urban infantry combat mixed with guerilla warfare.  They occupy buildings that have overwatch over the parts of the city they're trying to control and rocket the shit out of the rest.  Bands of
 them push through streets and alleys trying to get a good angle on enemy positions, generally in five- to ten-man elements with AKs and one
 or two RPGs.  There's a lot of sniper action.  They try to cut key avenues of approach to stop the enemy from bringing up reinforcements or
 armor.  They emplace heavy weapons (HMGs and recoilless rifles) in loopholed buildings to provide fire support while they maneuver.  If they manage to surround and sufficiently reduce an enemy position, they'll swarm it with a human-wave attack, overrun the defenders, and kill or capture them.  They typically initiate with suicide carbombs, sometimes with the driver in an enemy uniform to make the approach easier.  When they retreat from an area, they booby-trap it to make it harder to re-occupy for the other side.

At the same time, they generally (although probably not in this case due to geography/ethnic layout,) maintain an information warfare campaign designed to convince the locals to work with them.  Syria in particular saw a lot of that, as did Anbar Province in Iraq.  IW is a big part of the fight - a huge part.  Mosul had 3M people when they took it; that can't happen unless you get the population on your side, or at least enough of the population to make the rest feel like keeping their heads down is the smart course of action.

They do like to shoot mgs in the desert, you're right...blasting away
 from the hip is the Middle Eastern approach to marksmanship.  One of my
 buddies on liaison watched a fire team of Afghan Nat'l Army engage a same-sized element of Taliban from ~40 meters with both sides behind cover.  Both sides blindfired all their ammo at the other team and then fled almost simultaneously in opposite directions.  Fucking clown shoes.
  Most IS fighters are (probably, I don't know for a fact) more effective than that, and I'm damn sure the Kurds are, but yeah, there's a
 lot of fucking craziness.  

Thanks for the gold, whomever gilded this!  Sweet action.
Someone should market a prank dictionary that looks real but is missing the word "gullible".
Looks like you belong in /r/gullibleredditors
ISIS Threatens to Invade Rome and Fly Its Flag Over the Vatican
Do it pussies
This winds me up on a weekly basis.
dude.... look into www.lastpass.com.... worth it

edit: not even cool enough to pretend like i deserved this gold. but thank you  
I
 usually can't stand O'Reilly but I have to admit he's making alright points, even if I don't agree with it all. I wasn't completely siding with Jon Stewart. I feel like Jon was trying to misconstrue some of Bill's arguments.
TURN DOWN FOR WHAT  - [0:50]
http://i.imgur.com/VT42SDn.gif
I finally ascended!
Well  986
 is about 65399695262833698788356021060791000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000

So yes, definitely over 900.

Edit: Thanks!
What is a good website to download video game box art [do not upvote]
Nope. No one is giving you gold.

edit*haha man that is awesome and messed up at the same time. Thank you.
PC gamers are a glorious community: OP DELIVERS!
Hey,
 I was just "Paying it forward" I just got a handful of new parts for my
 machine from a few friends, and saw another need I could fulfill!

Glad you got it all safely, and here's to hoping we can properly convert your brother!
We've lost a brother
I will be donating to Child's Play
 in his name to honor him.  I encourage others do the same, as it seems that gaming really helped him in his battle with cancer and depression, and I want others to benefit as well.  If anyone knows of any other similar charities, please post them here.  Some kids may request consoles/console games, but let us put aside our differences for this cause.

Obligatory Gold Edit:  Thanks for that - now I have to go read what exactly gold does!  I hope whoever gilded me also donated at least that much to a charity (Child's Play, Cancer Research, whatever, I don't care
 which).  I will pay it forward.
I have never used, nor seen anyone use, an entire pencil eraser.
Heck, I've never worn down the one that comes on the pencil!  I don’t make misteaks... 
What is a good website to download video game box art [do not upvote]
Yeah, speaking of which - DON'T GIVE ME GOLD!
Sam
 Harris on CNN: "When cartoonists draw the wrong cartoon and embassies start burning, we criticize the cartoonists and the newspapers that printed the cartoons, and we practice self-censorship...this is the bigotry of low expectations."  - [5:29]
The responsibility for the affects of lunacy does not lie on society.

There could be a psychopath where the mere sight of cheese causes him
 to go on a murderous rampage; his victims are not the fault of Wisconsin. His actions are entirely his own, as are Islam's.

People have the right to have cheese wherever they want; just as they have the right to criticize and mock any idea they want.

People do not have the right to blow other people up.

Unless oil or land is involved. Then it's fine. Good ol' American way.
The Alien Has Landed
I'm still planning on continuing the development on Jasmine, as long as I can sneak some spare time together. :)
Testing out my Slow Motion camera - Then this happened!
Na nanana...ching chingching...
These stamps were launched in Ireland today...
You can order online, they ship worldwide:

http://www.irishstamps.ie/shop/p-1487-game-icons-fdc.aspx
Priorities
Stop making me hate Kermit the frog. I never wanted this to happen 
Successful Good Guy Bill Clinton
All you have to do is put up a picture of a Democrat and reddit pees itself 
The guy who ruins every morning commute.
http://youtu.be/FCLF2tyW0TU

Hopefully this clears things up a little

Edit: Thanks for the gold! I feel awkwardly uncomfortable that I got gilded (first time ever) for such a simple post. 
Marine survives sniper headshot via kevlar helmet, shot occurs at 0:45 - [3:12]
Okay,
 so I've got my brother's permission to say some stuff. First off, his name's not Martinez, and this video should not have been leaked, but it's too late for that. This video was taken last year. He had a concussion, but he's returned to the States after finishing his deployment. Also, he didn't remove his helmet until he was in a place he
 knew was secure, and he described the sensation as having a firework go
 off in his head.

Source: the Marine in the video is my brother. 

Edit: Wow, farewell noble inbox.

A few general replies:

1) Thanks to many of you for your kind messages, you guys are awesome, and I'll let my brother know you send your thanks.

2) Yes guys, I know this isn't quite Watergate, but the video was not
 intended to be published, and they are pretty upset about it. So far as
 I'm aware, nobody in the video uploaded it. Not entirely sure why they didn't want it online, but I'll take my brother's word for it. 

3) Not entirely sure about the back story or aftermath of what they were doing, sorry. I'm a civilian and my knowledge of the military is relatively limited.

4) I appreciate everyone's skepticism. A mod confirmed this in the comments. 

5) A few of you are requesting for me to get an AMA from my brother. I'll ask, but he tends to be a bit taciturn about this stuff. 
Searching for a video on youtube and stumbled upon this.  - [0:45]
Like this guy.
How to live alone.  - [1:54]
Plans
 are very important. Last week I had four days in a row of nothing. On the last day I dressed my cats up as my mom and dad and we talked through some of our issues. 
Anonabox scam - Why I don't trust them!
Snake
 oil has been around forever it's thanks to the Internet that we can find out what is or isn't snake oil because we can finally listen to people knowledgeable with the snake oil and don't profit from it unlike the sales man. 
Hillbilly
 rides into frame on lawn mower, brandishing his mighty accordion. Joins
 his other hillbilly mates for a bluegrass rendition of AC/DC's Thunderstruck. Awesomeness ensues.  - [4:07]
No, they are just getting warmed up.
"umm...yeah don't let me stop your workout guys"
"Sex Workout"
KC's Paul Rudd celebrates, plans party at mom's house  - [1:41]
His mom is actually really awesome; he takes her to events all the time and she's a hilarious interview. Paul and his mom on the red carpet
Marine survives sniper headshot via kevlar helmet, shot occurs at 0:45 - [3:12]
I've
 met a guy at the Navy hospital with his whole right side paralyzed and a
 scar on left side of his head. The way he explained he got shot in the head, bullet went through the helmet and bounced off his skull. Skull chipped and little pice got in his left side of the brain, now his whole
 right side is paralyzed. And I was there with broken wrist, felt like a
 little girl.
Edit: thank you for the gold. I'll keep that in mind. 
As a health care worker you should know better than to put that many people at risk for that
Um, so they were wrong to prioritize the climbing rates of vaccine preventable diseases that actually affect Americans and pose a real risk to the country at large than to pick one of tens of possible disaster scale tropical/third world viruses? Well fuck, it's almost as if outbreaks of those other viruses had occurred in parts of the world before and never posed a risk to America. Huh.

I wonder how you would run the CDC and how you would prioritise funding, friend. No doubt you'd have access to a far wider toolkit than the current CDC has because in your theoretical new job title I'm sure you're working under the assumption that the National Institutes of Health hasn't had it's funding slashes by as much as the CDC was slashed. I mean, it's only that they directly and indirectly fund medical research in America and worldwide and literally can't afford to fund everything. 

Finally, this neat graph
 pretty easily shows you the overall funds made available in case of a health catastrophe the likes of Ebola is half what it was in 2006.

But none of that is a valid excuse, and tropical/exotic viral infections that historically have never come close to the US should be priority number one huh.
ISIS Threatens to Invade Rome and Fly Its Flag Over the Vatican
Trollin' Trollin' Trollin'

Trollin Trollin Trollin

Keep trolling trolling trolling

Though in caves they holing 

Keep those threats a-rolling

Rawhiiiiiiiiide

Trained and weathered 

For attacks we'll see never

Wishing they had guns at their siiiiiide

All the things they're missing

Virgins, love, and kissing

Be waiting for them when they all diiiiiiiie

Shoot 'em up (threaten Rome!)

Blow 'em down (the White House!)

Blow 'em up (CANADA!)

ISIS

Shoot em down, blow em up, raisin' flags, fuckin' up

It's a mess, when you're in

ISIS~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

(I know this won't get anywhere near the attention it deserves, but your comment compelled me to finish the job and make a parody of ISIS to
 the tune of Rawhide. Consider this as the poor man's gold. You clever bastard)

Obligatory edit: Holy shit I got my first gold! You guys are great. 
The Alien Has Landed
Mate, I'm super-lucky.  
Fooking. 

Edit: Gold? For this? Y'all needJesus.
Neil Patrick Harris to Host the Oscars
The whole production only cost a Penny.
The Alien Has Landed
What's the plan for Android? 

EDIT: I really appreciate all the feedback guys. However, after the 10th time being told Reddit Now, Reddit is Fun, Reddit News, Reddit Sync, etc, are awesome, I think I understand what options are out there :) 

EDIT #2: Thanks for the gold, stranger!
Marine survives sniper headshot via kevlar helmet, shot occurs at 0:45 - [3:12]
That's why I use reactive armor plating on my helmet, so that if I get shot my head explodes.
Massive Steam Free Weekend starts tomorrow!
Injustice. You can get XCOM for free from GMG. I'd say Trine 2 and Killing Floor, but you already have those.
Hillbilly
 rides into frame on lawn mower, brandishing his mighty accordion. Joins
 his other hillbilly mates for a bluegrass rendition of AC/DC's Thunderstruck. Awesomeness ensues.  - [4:07]

Here's the media found in this post.  Autoplaylist: web/   mobile


  


 Downvote if unwanted, self-deletes if score is 0.  Comment will update if new media is found. about this bot | recent playlists | plugins that interfere | R.I.P.  
I could see netflix setting up a commercial package and program. They could make a killing. 

Edit- Thank you very much for the gold. You broke my gold cherry

    As for the netflix manager, if that works out for you, id like me some netflix for life :)

ISIS Threatens to Invade Rome and Fly Its Flag Over the Vatican
I really want ISIS to threaten to invade North Korea just so we can have a showdown of ridiculously over the top empty threats.
My calculus 3 teacher today (He's from India)
Only if you punch holes in them. 
God DAMN you, Cat!!  - [0:30]
That cat did what was necessarry to end that song.

Edit: GOLD??? Thank you!
RIAA now bullying fully licensed, zero revenue music site
Digarcho-communalists
Hillbilly
 rides into frame on lawn mower, brandishing his mighty accordion. Joins
 his other hillbilly mates for a bluegrass rendition of AC/DC's Thunderstruck. Awesomeness ensues.  - [4:07]
Today on the internet I watched some guys from Finland dressed like guys from America play a song from some guys in Australia. 

Fuck yeah, internet. Good show.
Scientist downs an entire bottle of CVS-brand homeopathic sleeping pills to prove it's fake medicine  - [6:42]
they pretty much do nothing
Hillbilly
 rides into frame on lawn mower, brandishing his mighty accordion. Joins
 his other hillbilly mates for a bluegrass rendition of AC/DC's Thunderstruck. Awesomeness ensues.  - [4:07]
Brotherzoned again
Microsoft has filed a strike against an educational Youtuber for his negative opinions against Windows 8.1.  - [14:59]
Wat, do you mean unix based OS's or like...plain unix?

Also I like Windows and muh Arch for two seperate reasons.  Unix 4 work, Windows 4 play.
The Alien Has Landed
Not about the money, it's about bad luck on missing out on it being free :P
The Alien Has Landed
When it comes out for android I'll check it out, but I won't keep it.

I spent $0.99 on Reddit Is Fun premium and I will damn well make my money worth it
God DAMN you, Cat!!  - [0:30]
I was about to get you gold until my cat got in the way
God DAMN you, Cat!!  - [0:30]
Thanks for the gold!
 >please  work 
God DAMN you, Cat!!  - [0:30]
Fucking.
 Goddammit. Seriously, I have been holding off nausea all day. My fucking autistic ass took these stupid vitamins with a fucking Monster when I woke up and have been holding down puke ALL FUCKING DAY UNTIL I SAW THIS. It wasn't even that gross, I saw some chick elbow deep in a girls asshole while both wearing hats not even 10 minutes ago, and I'm so pissed that a fucking ukulele made me puke all over my toilet lid before I got a chance to open it and now I'm furiously typing this shit.
 Fuck. Fuck this guy. 
Real Rape vs "Rape Culture"  - [4:26]
I
 agree that just cause someone feels they made a bad decision in retrospect has nothing to do with rape. However, the guy in the video was extremely selective about what parts of her story he chose to include. He didn't mention the part where the guy stuck his fingers in her while she was squatting to pee outside on the way back to her apartment, after she told him to look away. Or how she started talking dirty once the rape had already began. Or how the guy threw the condom he was supposed to be using into a potted tree, and how she scurried away once she realized that he had discarded the condom instead of wearing. Or how she kicked him out at that point.
There are plenty of false accusations of rape he could have used for this video, however I feel like this was a terrible example to use. And his selective editing of her story is pretty scummy.
When this post is 4 hours old, you'll have missed our Fall Flash Sale + special surprise for orders to Illinois!

This is the same old stuff you see everywhere on the internet


why did you put reddits mission statement in your comment?
When this post is 4 hours old, you'll have missed our Fall Flash Sale + special surprise for orders to Illinois!
Admins giving out gold to people in order to promote their thread.. Clever guys, but I'm afraid I'm on to you.

Edit: Busted

For real though, thanks for the gold. I feel special :2
Outrage
Well
 I have never met nor experienced any muslim behaving even remotely like
 that. It's a cheap, hate-mongering cartoon playing on projected emotions. It's not, like a cartoon should be, a pointed, satirical and clever exaggeration that shows a truth but that sort of 'cartoon' usually employed in blunt propaganda to instill hate and fear. Like those depictions buck-teethed Japanese or money-hoarding Jews with big noses. Or how atheists are painted in christian pamphlets. I don't see why this should belong here. in a community that takes some pride in its
 intellectualism. Frankly, that piece is quite dumb in my opinion.
God DAMN you, Cat!!  - [0:30]
He's just a genius! I'm going to have to try this and see if someone will give me hold.

Edit: Gold! It works!
Never Again!
As
 a geologist, I also hide my profession. I refuse to map for free. You want a geological map? Better whip out the old chequebook.

I just wanted to feel included :-(
Christian Debater Gets Outwitted by an Eighth Grade Atheist
"Woops! Looks the eradicating all evidence of a Christian God is the most beneficial thing we could do for humanity!"
How does 'contact cement' work on a molecular level?
Polymer Science grad student here

BACKGROUND ON BUTYL RUBBER

I work with polyisobutylene on a daily basis and occasionally butyl rubber which seems to be the active ingredient in contact cement. Having
 handled high molecular weight butyl rubber (200kg/mol), I can tell you that the stuff sticks to itself extremely well due to the high amount of
 entanglement between polymer chains (Think of a bin of christmas lights
 on a molecular level). Furthermore, this stuff sticks to even a smooth surface like glass because it has a very low glass transition temperature (Kinda like a melting temperature, but for non-crystalline polymers) of -65 degrees C.
 This means that even at room temperature, the polymer can flow causing it to have as much surface area contact as possible with the substrate. Couple that with the high amount of van der waals forces (What allows a gecko to stick to stuff)
 between the polymer and the glass, and you have a system that has a very high surface contact area and thus a high amount of inter surfacial
 forces causing the amount of force needed to separate the two to be extremely high. 

CONTACT CEMENT

Now, if you replace the glass in the previous paragraph with leather,
 you have a substrate which is very porous compared to the glass and thus has a ton more surface area. When you coat this surface with a solution of butyl rubber (Again, it has to be very high molecular weight
 to allow for enganglement of chains)
 in a solvent, the butyl rubber can make its way into each and every pore of the surface and the surface contact area between the butyl rubber and the substrate becomes ridiculously high. The solvent then evaporates leaving behind nothing but a butyl rubber coated surface. You
 then put the other butyl rubber coated piece of leather on it and smash
 it with a hammer. In doing this, you are essentially welding
 the two outermost layers of butyl rubber together. The butyl rubber can
 flow, but only very slowly under normal circumstances. Hitting it with a
 hammer forces the chains to mix and entangle with each other. In the finished system, you have two leather-polymer interfaces which are held together by a very large surface contact area and between the two interfaces and you have a bulk polymer which is held together by polymer
 entanglements.

Closest I could come to a wikipedia article on contact cement is one on pressure sensitive adhesives
 which are similar but are usually either lower molecular weight or have
 plasticizers to lower their viscosity. Also, there is a phenomenon called strain induced crystallization which increases cohesive strength in contact adhesive formulations.

EDIT: 

TL;DR: Coating the leather surface with a butyl rubber solution and allowing solvent to evaporate lets the butyl rubber anchor itself to the
 substrate via a very high surface contact area and van der waals forces. Hammering two dried butyl rubber coated surfaces together causes
 the butyl rubber chains to entangle with each other and form a physically gelled bulk between the two leather surfaces.

Sorry for the wall of text.

EDIT #2: according to this
 in some contact cement formulations there exists a phenolic resin. Basically, this acts as a secondary cure process whereby once the solvent is evaporated and you have your initial butyl rubber network, the phenolic resin will react chemically and form chemical crosslinks making it so the contact cement cannot be dissolved as easily and further increasing the cohesive (Interactions of the polymer network with itself) and adhesive (Interactions of the polymer network with the substrate) strength of the cement

Edit #3: Thank you for the gold, whoever you may be

Edit #4: vanderwalls=/= van der waals

Edit #5: Some references

Edit #6: as has been pointed out, butyl rubber is not used in contact cements, but rather neoprene. Here is a website detailing in a bit further detail the curing mechanism of chloroprene adhesives.
When this post is 4 hours old, you'll have missed our Fall Flash Sale + special surprise for orders to Illinois!
Back in my day it took a bestof to get gold! And we liked it!
When this post is 4 hours old, you'll have missed our Fall Flash Sale + special surprise for orders to Illinois!
Seahawks fan here: I already bought the poster, thank god I stayed home from school today. 

Edit: Holy shit there is a fucking leprechaun in here. 
When this post is 4 hours old, you'll have missed our Fall Flash Sale + special surprise for orders to Illinois!
I was tired last night, ok?!?! I was going to make you cookies, but I wanted sleep!
When this post is 4 hours old, you'll have missed our Fall Flash Sale + special surprise for orders to Illinois!
In less than 8 minutes someone can get gold. I have never been able to get gold that fast.
When this post is 4 hours old, you'll have missed our Fall Flash Sale + special surprise for orders to Illinois!

And because pumpkin chocolate chip cookies are the best ever.


You know what's up.

EDIT: Woah, first time getting gold! Thx, fellow pumpkin chocolate chip cookie lover!
When this post is 4 hours old, you'll have missed our Fall Flash Sale + special surprise for orders to Illinois!
Back in my day we didn't have gold.

Edit: Dear lord, this throwaway account is already 2 years old... Oh well, I'm sick of the cat too.

Edit2: Welp, now I have to keep this throwaway for at least another month. Thanks! 
When this post is 4 hours old, you'll have missed our Fall Flash Sale + special surprise for orders to Illinois!
I see there's a Russell Wilson portrait on sale . . . shouldn't you have saved that until after 3pm so all the Seahawks fans are home from school?
God DAMN you, Cat!!  - [0:30]
Hitler was a great man. Fuck the kikes.
HBO will fulfill cord cutters’ dreams and launch a standalone streaming service next year
To
 those of you (Americans) who pirate HBO shows "because I can't buy it legally": time to put your money where your mouth is. Vote with your wallet. Show HBO that you're willing to pay for their content when it's legally available (and does not require an existing cable subscription)
Real Rape vs "Rape Culture"  - [4:26]
I
 made a few typos in my original comment and fixed it up, but everything
 you just outlined isn't any different than what I thought after reading
 your first comment. I never said you were encouraging rape, and I respect your differing opinion than mine. But I disagree. Your story about going to prison and having your life completely ruined is an extreme example of false rape accusation. It happens yes, but not nearly
 as often (I'm talking less likely less than one percent, though I don't
 have data as this is a difficult thing to study) as actual sexual assault. It's simply not even a comparison between the amount of women that are sexually assaulted on a daily basis and men being sent to jail on false rape accusations. Our prisons are filled with nearly 60 percent
 of inmates on non-violent drug charges. Rapists in San Quentin are few and far between (though they are still there obviously). Again, if it happens yes it is worse than rape but your original comment
 only stated that false rape accusation is slightly worse than actual rape, which is what I took issue with because most of the time false rape will not lead to jailtime. And I'm very uncomfortable with how you brushed off rape as "something that happens once and then it's over. There's some trauma there and then you move on." Until you or I experience sexual assault, it's not a trauma that we could ever understand. 
Lockheed Claims Breakthrough on Fusion Energy
I
 never know whether or not to be excited about any science news anymore.
 Its always "We did this thing!" and then shortly after its, "Well, we kind of did this thing!". And then reddit tells me they really didn't do
 that thing at all.
TIL Chrome 38 lets you simulate a slower connection
http://omfgdogs.com for anyone curious.

EDIT: Wow, gold. Thanks I guess? :P
The
 federal government gets sued for saving AIG "Mr. Greenberg’s beef ignores one very large point: His shares would have been worth zero if the firm went under. His indignant demand for billions of dollars in compensation now illustrates why so many Americans have lost faith in the financial sector
Greenberg
 states the company could have been saved with just a (bridge) loan. But
 AIG didn't manage to secure a loan. If they had they wouldn't have needed a bailout in the first place.

On top of that, I find the idea that AIG merely was insolvent due to cash flow (which he calls illiquid because it sounds better than insolvent) and not due to owing more than their assets to be rather ridiculous. This company was on the hook to pay out for tens of billions
 in credit default swaps and if the crisis continued it could have been significantly more due to more failures on companies they insured and due to counterparty risk on their other positions listed as assets.
Real Rape vs "Rape Culture"  - [4:26]
The reasons people are reporting the post for.
Iconic
 2,500 year old Siberian princess 'died from breast cancer', reveals MRI
 scan. Preserved by ice, the 25 year old ancient woman covered in tattoos used cannabis to cope with her ravaging illness.
Cera.
I'm a little embarrassed to ask.
It
 doesn't really do that much. The only feature I miss about it is that it highlights any comments that have been newly added since the last visit 

Thanks beautiful stranger!
Is there any physical evidence left of a nuclear bomb after it is detonated? Other than the blast damage.
Are you referring to this?
http://physicsworld.com/cws/article/news/2008/jul/04/nuclear-fallout-used-to-spot-fake-art
ISIS seizes 3rd largest military base in western Iraq and takes its tanks, heavy weapons and supplies
In
 all seriousness driving a tank isn't the easiest thing in the world.  It's not like jumping in a Honda Civic and taking off after driving a Ford Focus for years.  A few of the Iraqi armored soldiers will have enough training and would be able to pull it off but they would have to be there at the right time, in the right place to do it.  If they were
 there and ready to go, I imagine that they would be deployed in a defensive posture to stop the suicide bombers from blowing up the walls.
  Tanks are largely (but not totally) useless now a days but that is one
 thing they could do.  

The rest of the soldiers (not just in Iraq but in any army) are simply incapable of moving them.  Imagine that you do not have an AZ (18
 wheeler truck with air brakes) license, nor the training to know how to
 drive it.  Well go to the loading dock of your local Wallmart and jump in one.  Take off the mirrors and cover the windshield with duct tape except a narrow strip at an odd angle from where you are sitting.  Under
 ideal circumstances most people who can drive a stick will slowly be able to get the thing moving and maybe even go up a gear or two.  That is after figuring out where the ignition is, how the brakes work and release, if the wheels are chocked plus various other systems and safety
 requirements and most importantly IF the thing is filled with fuel and the fuel tank isn't isolated!  Now imagine trying this for the first time with suicide bombers and missiles coming in and 40 other idiots just like you in other tractor trailers in the same loading dock on streets 30% more narrow than anything in North America.  

Or you can GTFO with your life, your choice. 

I have about 100 hours driving tracked vehicles, which is not much but I am willing to bet 100 hours more than 99% of the Iraqi forces.  I drove them in safe areas for the amusement of the real armored corp guys.  They laughed and laughed...  The army trained me to run heavy equipment (back hoes, bulldozer etc), tractor trailers, buses, 2.5-12 ton straight trucks, ambulance etc. etc. and I still sucked at tank driveing because I never got the proper training and time in them.   I
 wouldn't try to move a tank in those circumstances.  The armored guys who drive them all the time and can pull shit like that off in combat are fucking artists and have training and talent that can not be made up
 on the spot.  So you just can't blame the Iraqi soldiers on the ground for not jumping into the tanks and taking off.  War isn't a video game, the same soldier who is a sniper does not fly F-18's and drive an M-1 abrams or works weekends as an EOD. 

The real question is why the fuck these tanks are there if they can not be deployed or evacuated, because given time,
 any idiot will be able to figure out how to turn them into a free piece
 of self propelled artillery at the very least.  That, I believe and I could be wrong, is the fault of who ever gave (i.e. sold for big money) these weapons to an army that didn't need them or couldn't use them.

Edit:  This is also from a western army point of view... what I am saying is that even a modern American, British or Canadian army would have a hard time moving these things.  This would be compounded by the fact that the Iraqi army's training, even with our input over the years,
 would be horribly inadequate to pull off a maneuver like this.  I can empathize that the average rank and file armored Iraqi soldier would be better served by running than by dieing in a tin can.

And the spelling of duct tape.

And tanks for the gold.  Probably from some armor corps guy who liked the "fucking artist" comment from a crunchie.
Wear two glasses to appreciate that your daughter has now become a focused young man
So crazy!! I'm the water in that picture!

http://i.imgur.com/hPKLvbi.jpg

EDIT: Thanks for the gold!
ISIS seizes 3rd largest military base in western Iraq and takes its tanks, heavy weapons and supplies
The
 majority of people can fight if put in a position to do so. You're making it seem like people going to war is some sort of super extraordinary thing that not many people can handle, when in reality people have been doing it for thousands of years. Some people even grow to enjoy it.
ISIS seizes 3rd largest military base in western Iraq and takes its tanks, heavy weapons and supplies
If
 in an alternate reality, China invaded and beat the US in war and merged Texas and Mexico into 1 country, then demanded that Texans fight to the death to protect Tijuana, the Texans wouldn't do it, and not because they're cowards or worthless.

That's a rough and clumsy approximation of why the Iraqi soldiers don't fight.. They don't think of Iraq as their homeland because the colonial powers invented it when they arbitrarily carved up the map just
 a few decades ago. The people in that area are sects and tribes who are
 loyal to their own people, not some colonialists dream of what makes a country.
Gov. Scott Walker on the Minimum Wage: "I Don't Think It Serves a Purpose"
Those
 rights as they apply in the US are to protect you from the government. The government isn't supposed to kill you/lock you up (unless you committed a serious crime) and shouldn't prevent you from trying to be happy.

Those rights do not mean the government is responsible for providing happiness for you.
Nintendo now selling games directly from their official website.

it makes sense when you consider that it's designed to be understood by nontechnical people


'This rular is 10 inches long. Oh, you don't know what an inch is? Well in that case it's 80 Zimzamzomboonies long. I hope that helps!'
Tor
 router raises $300,000 on Kickstarter in 48 hours - Anonabox, a device that re-routes data through the cloaking Tor network, is tool for freedom of information, developer says
Its pretty much the "Golden Trifecta" of Kickstarter bullshit stories.


Stupid upbeat Indie guitar music
Lots of white and jump-cuts, with virtually no product demo
An underdog story, I invented this device to help my ______!


Obligatory edit: someone invested gold in me! I'll use this edit as a stretch goal for more gold ;)
X Box Live at it's finest (Reupload)

bit harsh


That message is a byte harsh.
Why
 O3 so abundant at a higher altitude then O2, which I assume is lighter,
 and why is it so good at reflecting UV rays, gamma rays, and micro waves and not so good at visible light which is in the middle of the spectrum?
This picture sums it up quite well.

In case it's unclear: UV radiation breaks the bonds holding O2 molecules together in the upper atmosphere. Each oxygen atom can then react with an oxygen molecule to make ozone (O3). More UV radiation can break up the ozone into oxygen atoms that can react to form more ozone. This absorption is what blocks UV rays.
When my turn came, I asked her if she wanted to bring up any tragedies in my life too...
I
 used to work at a Dominos and I worked with this young guy who just got
 out of highschool. He was not there all the way mentally and he had a hard time grasping new ideas. I knew something was up, but I didn't have
 the guts to ask him what was going on. Turns out the guy had a brain tumor and it was slowly eating away at his cognitive ability. 

Anyways, he took a phone call (that's pretty much all he really could
 do, besides prep food) and he was obviously distraught from the call afterwards. Turns out the customer was really mean to him (his words) and treated him bad. I knew he wasn't really telling me the whole story.
 

So luckily I got to take the delivery to find out what the deal with this lady was and I pulled up to the office building she was ordering and this middle-aged fat woman was outside waiting on me with this incredibly impatient look on her face. Now, I personally cannot stand injustices to people who are innocent, my job be damned. 

As soon as I pulled up with the pizza this woman went off. I don't recall everything she said while she signed the credit card receipt, but
 something on the lines of "Retarded people like that shouldn't be working in the food industry" and "If I was his boss I would send him packing." I patiently listened to her blubber on and when she gave me a moment to talk I said:

"I'm sorry ma'am, (his name) is a really awesome guy and all of us at
 Dominos recently found out he has a brain tumor. I'm glad (his name) is
 working in the last few months he has alive." (I lied about the life expectancy bit, I have no idea if he will live a normal life or not.) 

The look on that woman's face was priceless. I would have given a weeks' worth of pay to see it again. She started stammering and apologizing. I cut her off and said "It's fine, (his name) is doing the best he can given the cards he was dealt. I have never meet a more sincere and amazing person as him. Have a nice day" 

EDIT: There seemed to be a bit of confusion about my story. I knew he
 had a tumor weeks before the incident. I said "I knew something was up,
 but I didn't have the guts to ask him what was going on." because I worked with him for almost a year before finding out from my manager. 
TB is cancer free!

And the Lord stretched forth his Hand unto His prophet and said unto him: be thou clean
And it came to pass that Total Biscuit was cleansed
And there was much rejoicing in the Land of Gaben, for the Prophet could continue to minister, and the peasants were sore afraid, for behold, the prophet brought unto them logic and truth.
And the peasant king said unto the prophet Total Biscuit: Doritos
And Total Biscuit said unto them: 4k resolution and FOV sliders
And the peasant king did shrink at the glory of Total Biscuit, for behold, his words were true.
And Gaben did smile from on high.


EDIT: thanks for the gold, fellow disciple of Gaben. I totally pulled
 this scripture out of my ass, but I'm glad to see that so many people have enjoyed it.
Tor
 router raises $300,000 on Kickstarter in 48 hours - Anonabox, a device that re-routes data through the cloaking Tor network, is tool for freedom of information, developer says
Hey guys, I've found a picture on their twitter's feed.

And another picture from a Chinese website.

and here's both of them :
http://imgur.com/dvBjzJO

I know nothing about chipsets and board but, it looks the same to me.

The only thing I've noticed, the Anonabox version have 16mo Flash memory instead of 8mb.

I just don't understand why they're saying been working 4 years and 4
 product generations to finish on a Chinese version already on Ebay for 20$...
Grew up a Mormon, served a year in Brazil, live with PTSD 4 years later. What do you want to know about Mormons?
I'd
 be happy to hear what Gorthaurthecruelx's experience has been in regards to the Church's systematic information control, especially since
 they have served a mission, but here's my two cents:
(Brief background- grown up in the church all my life, went to church every sunday and everything, nearly everyone in both my immediate and distant family is Mormon, so I've had nearly 20 years now of being heavily involved in the Church). 

The problem with the LDS church is that it doesn't fully disclose it's history to its members. Due to the fact that information is available at the click of a mouse button, it's getting to the point where non-members often know more accurate church history than the members. I have talked to a lot of Mormons about Joseph Smith's 30+ wives, and you'd be surprised how many of them either didn't know, or outright denied it because there's just simply no way Joseph Smith could
 commit such an act! The Church is slowly divulging little bits and pieces here about their history and the reasoning behind some of the odd
 actions that were taken (for example, the events that unfolded at the Mountain Meadows Massacre). 

One thing I know for a fact that they do, is that the church higher-ups have church historians write the history books a certain way and distort the truth to an extent, so it only sheds positive light on the church and most church leaders. There's a reason why so many Mormons
 glorify the church and church leaders, without question. Additionally, the Church has a "general conference" twice a year in which the leaders present speeches to both the members and non-members across the world, and following this conference, publish the speeches in the church's magazine, known as the "Ensign." There have been a few instances in which the speech that was spoken differs from what was typed up in print, because what was said from the pulpit was too controversial. 

Sorry for the long reply, but basically, yeah there is a lot that is kept out of the public eye- for both members and non-members. And then when people actually DO try to speak up and spread information, they risk, and often do, get excommunicated (see: John Dehlin). There are Mormons who can recite their ten favorite scripture verses by heart, but
 don't know that a lot of the rituals in the Church are drawn from Rosicrucian philosophy, freemasonry, and other organizations and schools
 of thought. They don't know that Joseph Smith himself ordained Black men to the priesthood, and yet later, there was such a ban on the same thing. And there's a lot more to it than just the examples I've shared, but yeah, the church hides a lot of information. 

As for editing the Book of Mormon- yes this happens, but it's more so
 concerned with the technicalities of language and making sure they used
 all the right forms of "thou" in all the right places, etc. To my knowledge, it's not so much about erasure of church wrongdoings, though I'm not 100% certain of that. 
Man caught secretly being a fan  - [0:14]
12+
 Damn. Flodder (a film about a chavvy dutch family moving to a rich neighborhood) filled with tits, sex, prostitution, druge use and violence gets MG6 (meekijken gewenst 6+, which means parents should watch this with kids from 6 years and older, just so they can explain and filter it a bit) 

Flodder is from the 80's, but still, American Pie getting 12+ is seriously high. 

Edit: no really, this is 6+: NSFW!

edit2: and if you want to watch the whole film, in Dutch, no subtitles :) Here you go

Obligatory tits edit: Tits are located Here, Here, Here and Here. Tennis tits here (thank you  
Why
 would you flip out? They're talking about the situation in Western Africa. Unless you live in Sierra Leone, Guinea or Liberia you have no reason to panic. Donate some money to Doctors Without Borders.

Edit: XOXO
Um....Thanks Mom, it's fine.
She is just waiting for you to break those arms dawg.  
The
 UN says the ebola outbreak must be controlled within 60 days or else the world faces an "unprecedented" situation for which there is no plan.
 The United Nations made the stark warning as it warned the disease "is running faster than us and it is winning the race".

we're all going to die.


Not me. I'm going to pass away. /I love you George Carlin

Edit: Thank you for the gold! You popped my cherry. I'm proud that it was for referencing George Carlin. ;)

If anyone wants to know what I'm talking about here please go on YouTube and type in George Carlin on soft language.
The
 UN says the ebola outbreak must be controlled within 60 days or else the world faces an "unprecedented" situation for which there is no plan.
 The United Nations made the stark warning as it warned the disease "is running faster than us and it is winning the race".

WE'RE ALL GOING TO FUCKING DIE!!!!!!!!!!!!


Well yeah, but it's very unlikely any of us will die from Ebola.

Edit: Thanks for the gold - I love you!
The
 UN says the ebola outbreak must be controlled within 60 days or else the world faces an "unprecedented" situation for which there is no plan.
 The United Nations made the stark warning as it warned the disease "is running faster than us and it is winning the race".
Lets go down the pub, have a few pints and wait for this all to blow over.
The
 UN says the ebola outbreak must be controlled within 60 days or else the world faces an "unprecedented" situation for which there is no plan.
 The United Nations made the stark warning as it warned the disease "is running faster than us and it is winning the race".
Here
 Here! For being positive for once everyone needs to stop and take a breather in this world, realize the miracle of life. Forget war torn nations we are covering 100% on television and illness.

Remember we have never before in our human kind had this advanced technologies in Health Care Advancement, Quality of Living as NEVER before we are living well beyond into our 80's. 

We are answering questions of the universe, exploring other worlds. Helping the disabled and fighting good vs. evil through morals and human
 giving. 

We have so much to be depressed over, but so much MORE to be incredibly AWED! This Earth is so BEAUTIFUL.
I was pretty much committed by that point
"Your Fiancee"
Two Air France pilots were asleep before fatal 2009 crash as one woke to say 'F**k, we're dead'
This
 is the infamous Air France 447 flight that disappeared over the sea. There is a chilling NOVA special about this flight. The entire emergency
 occurred in less than five minutes. A pitot tube was clogged with ice, which turned off the autopilot and sent the flight systems into "alternate law" mode, which in turn changed the way the flight controls reacted to the same commands. Some experts blame Airbus for this design because the only sign of this change is a notation on the display screen
 that would be easy to miss in an emergency. Anyway, the rookie pilot was already creeped out by St. Elmo's fire (an electrical storm) right before hitting the storm. If he had simply let go of the stick, the plane would have been okay. However, he kept on pulling up on the stick,
 which eventually caused the plane to slow down too much. Note that in normal flight mode, the computer will not allow the plane to stall no matter how hard you pulled up on the stick. But in alternate law mode, the plane was allowed to stall. At some point, the nose was pointed very
 high up into the air, BUT THEN THE STALL WARNING TURNED OFF. The computer basically went, eh, fuck it, the sensors cannot work at this nose up pitch, this is bullshit, and turned off the stall warning. The pilot then dropped the nose, which would have saved the aircraft, but THEN THE STALL WARNING TURNED ON AGAIN. The rookie pilot, for whatever reason, took this as a sign to pull up on the stick because, uh, putting
 the stick down set off the stall warning. Right up until the crash, the
 rookie was pulling up while the experienced pilot was pushing down. There was no way for them to know what was going on because the yokes were not mechanically interconnected. It wasn't until five seconds before the crash that the rookie finally says, "But I've had the stick back the whole time!" The captain says, "No, no, no... Don't climb... no, no." It's too late. The sea is rapidly approaching. The rookie then starts to pull up even more until the plane crashes. The captain's last words indicates that he didn't realize the plane was nose up until the last moment: "Ten degrees of pitch..."

Airbus fucked up by having a pitot tube that froze. The system also didn't adequately convey what it was doing to the crew. The human mind expects doing the same thing to have the same consequences but when the plane switches from normal law to alternate law, the plane will be allowed to depart from the safe flight envelope. Furthermore, the yokes were not mechanically interlinked so there's no way to know what the other guy is doing. Lastly, and this is surprising, but passenger aircraft do not display the angle of attack directly to the crew. If this were readily available, then the captain might have figured out that the rookie had the plane nose up during a stall. It wasn't until the plane almost crashed that the captain realized that he was still nose up. 

The crew also fucked up in many ways, but the biggest mistake is that
 the captain did not take command until the last moment. It's only within the last five seconds that he calls out that he wants the controls. Contrast this with Sullenberger, who clearly called out, "My aircraft" right when there's an emergency. The co-pilot gives up the controls and confirms, "Your aircraft." At the same time, the co-pilot is instructed to go through the handbook for the contingency when you lose both engines. (I think the response might be, "UR FUCT." In the famous Gimli Glider incident, the crew consulted the Quick Reference Handbook and it said that they could keep flying with a failed fuel pump. Then all the other engines shut off, and they were like, FUCK.) 

EDIT: Thanks for the Gold. You love me, you really love me!

All right, let me correct some mistakes and provide more follow up.

A pitot tube is a hollow tube that sticks out of an airplane and measures airspeed. It is essentially mission critical. There was one crash where the pitot tubes were covered up with duct tape during routine maintenance and not removed before take off. The plane crashed because the pilots had no idea how fast they were going. As you can imagine, the maintenance crew was required to use bright orange tape to ensure that it could be seen and removed but decided to use duct tape. (Aeroperú Flight 603). 

  
Albert
 has been a good friend of my family for a very long time, real nice guy
 and an avid hunter. he wouldn't ever purposefully hurt an animal, especially one belonging to his stock. I was never there during the castrations, but we would always end up frying them up and serving them alongside other foods. I haven't seen him since a was just a kid, but anytime we went hunting in Colorado he would be part of the hunting party. His house only had an outhouse that was like 30 yards away from the cabin (fucking scary to go at dark) and he would always dip a tin ladle in a stream running along the front of the house and sit there drinking cup after cup. he's literally a mountain man and good god was this guy fond of Oreos.

Edit 1: For the people who can't understand how an avid hunter would never purposefully hurt an animal, call your mothers into the room so she can spoon feed you these words in a way that you can better understand. There is a difference between hurting an animal for the sake
 of hunting/harvesting them, and hurting an animal for the sake of causing unnecessary pain when it could be easily avoided. If you're still confused, please, don't participate in any amount of public voting.

Edit 2: This is not about vegetarianism, nobody cares that you don't eat meat. If you are vegetarian, please have the decency not no push your opinions down other people throats a fact. at the end of the day what YOU believe is relevant only to YOU. people can eat or not eat whatever they want, thats the beauty of freedom.

Edit 3: Gold? attaboy, i appreciate the love

Edit 4: Homework done, cat on my lap, tall glass of cold milk. IM READY TO SWING THIS GILDED DICK AT ANY AND ALL DISSENTERS
Open
 Source and Game Development Game makers compete to make the best games.
 However, we don't compete to make the best tools ...

"Authoring Tools Framework (ATF) is a set of C#/.NET components for making tools on Windows."


from the description in this vid https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aU-9vzFELxc

Why would I want to use it then?

This list:

Automated testing
Performance Analysis
Common content editing tools (level editor, script editor, state machine editor, etc.)
Common networking components
Common social components
Common business components
Common pipeline components
Common asset management, asset workflow, and asset analysis
Analytics and Metrics


Is supposed to be the desired feature list. Does anyone want/need these?
Tor
 router raises $300,000 on Kickstarter in 48 hours - Anonabox, a device that re-routes data through the cloaking Tor network, is tool for freedom of information, developer says
Start up

Cash in

Sell out

Bro down

Plan it

Raise it

Now don't make it

Technologic.. Technologic..
Gov. Scott Walker on the Minimum Wage: "I Don't Think It Serves a Purpose"
You can trust him, he's got a lot of personal experience in not serving a purpose.
Mike
 Rowe from Dirty jobs explains why the Humane Society and Peta's technique for sheep castration is more cruel than just pulling them off... with your teeth.  - [2:49]
I don't think it's so much being 'cut out' for it as it is being endeared to it. 

I'd say most, if not all kids are squeemish around farm stuff at first. After they've basically been forced into it by their parents, they grow to appreciate exactly what it is: Raising life (livestock) for the purpose of sustaining even more life (food for people). It's a beautiful thing, but some people just can't get past the
 slaughter and other grossness. 

When you're exposed to it from start to finish, you find yourself incredibly thankful as you chew the food in your mouth. There's plenty of other strong emotions too, and it all does change you as a person.

That's what I mean by 'being endeared to it', rather than being 'cut out for it'. It's kinda like parenting: No one's 'ready' for it, and children are certainly not just the bundle of hope and joy they're made out to be. They can be hell. But they can also be wonderful. 

Farmers (and parents) just do because they must, and they reap those intense emotions from it. But I think any amazing farmer or amazing parent would say the same thing: "No I wasn't cut out for this - good god, this took an incredible amount of effort to do right". 
Ultra-secret 'White Shroud' group striking terror in ISIS militants
So you're saying that ISIS is the GOP?
Ultra-secret 'White Shroud' group striking terror in ISIS militants
ISIS is afraid of: secularism, women, the rule of law, religious freedom, economic empowerment, education...

I don't think they afraid of savagery.
TB is cancer free!
If, on a winter's night a traveler
Netherlands says OK for biker gangs to fight Islamic State
Sons of Qu'ranarchy
And
 this is why the religious right is a cancer to human rights and needs to go away. Step out of the 1st century, women are people with rights too.
Will it be the police that investigate a miscarriage? 

If they believe that their god controls everything then I guess it would be futile to point out that "as
 many as 50% of all pregnancies end in miscarriage -- most often before a
 woman misses a menstrual period or even knows she is pregnant."

That would make Yahweh the most prolific abortion provider of all time.
This put a damper on my day
Are you implying midgets aren't allowed to join angry mobs?
Mike
 Rowe from Dirty jobs explains why the Humane Society and Peta's technique for sheep castration is more cruel than just pulling them off... with your teeth.  - [2:49]
A
 balmy summer afternoon, the sun is bright, but has obviously begun it's
 daily march towards the horizon. The air is thick and heavy with humidity, but an occasional light breeze keeps the mosquitos off. 

Craig's grunts and moans are faint, barely perceptible at first, but increase in volume as Craig gets closer to what must be the end. His body pumping up and down, up and down - mountains and valleys of muscle undulate underneath a tank top soaked in sweat. Craigs face twists and contorts, his expression a confusion of pain and ecstasy. One final groan, one final push, and Craig is done. He first rises to his knees, then gets to his feet. His eyes meet those of the man who stands in front of him.

The man looks at Craig through hungry eyes - "Drop and give me another 50 you fucking pussy."

"Yes sir, drill seargent!"

Edit: Thanks for the gold, couldn't have done it without Craig.
How
 the media has helped normalize GOP crazy "It’s almost as if the national press has just come to accept as normal the degree to which the
 GOP has moved dramatically to the right. At this point so many prominent Republicans have said insane things that after a while they go
 by with barely a notice
It
 goes further than just ignoring the Republican lies and crazy.  Ever since Watergate, the media has been cowed by conservative bullying over fictional "liberal bias" into carrying the GOP's water for them.  To the
 point that even "liberal" media outlets now go out of their way to help
 GOP candidates. 

As mentioned in the article, what happened to Grimes is a perfect example.  Asking a Democratic candidate "Who did you vote for?" is a bullshit question.  Who do you think she voted for?  The question was asked simply to give a hand to Mitch McConnell, whose entire campaign hinges on tying Grimes to Obama.  The question was asked simply to get Grimes to mention Obama so that McConnell could have something for his next attack ad.  Grimes knew she couldn't say Obama's name. Hence the drawn out response that the media is now attacking as a dodge and a "gaffe."

But when you understand the context in which that question was asked,
 then you know it's just another example of how deeply compromised our media is.
Don’t Listen to Snapchat’s Excuses. Security Is Its Job—Not Yours
The
 problem is that Snapchat are promising a service that is technically impossible to actually deliver. People are being fooled into thinking these photos can really be made 'self destructing' when the recipient can quite easily store them forever through a variety of methods, and there is no feasible way that Snapchat can prevent it. Snapchat promise a
 service they can't actually deliver, and as such yes it is absolutely their fault for misleading their user base.
IGN
 gives Alien Isolation a 5.9 for "repetition and padding," yet they give
 Destiny a 7.8, a game literally made of "repetition and padding."
As a greatman once said, "you can't spell Ignorant without IGN"
Could you make a CPU from scratch?
If
 you want to be completely pedantic about OP's question, and I think you
 clearly do, then I'd say, it's not possible for OP to "go to Radio Shack, buy several million (billion?) transistors, and wire them together to make a functional CPU" because a Radio Shack does not stock millions of transistors.

However, if OP found a mythical Radio Shack with several million transistors, then the answer would still most likely be "no" because OP clearly does not have enough money to purchase several million transistors at the prices you'd find at Radio Shack.

That being said, if OP somehow was able to go to some Radio Shack and
 purchase millions of transistors, would he be able to wire all of them up and make a working CPU? The answer is still no, because he didn't buy
 any wire.

Plus, OP would die before he wired them all up. I'm shocked that you would miss how OP clearly asked whether he could wire up the transistors. He didn't ask if 100,000 people could wire them up. And don't try to calculate how long it would take and prove me wrong, because OP would suicide from despair long before finishing.

However, if OP did manage to purchase all those transistors and he did manage to wire them all up, could he make a CPU? The answer is obviously "yes". However, due to the logistics, almost all of the transistors would be unused, although they'd be wired together somehow.

I hope this helps, from a fellow pedant. (By the way, you misspelled "discrete". Repeatedly.)
Protesters
 burn state capital building in Mexico over the disappearance of 43 young people believed abducted by local police linked to a drug cartel.
It's like choosing between Brazil and 1984
Card collector opens up a ~$27000 magic card, and gets excited.  - [10:00]
Because:

The game is popular.

The card is rare and powerful.

The card was printed in the first 2 set of cards for the game called Limited and Unlimited Edition. Limited Edition had 2 print runs that are
 often considered 2 separate editions called Alpha and Beta with Alpha being the first. The card in the video, Black Lotus, is from the Alpha edition, the very first run of magic cards.

The Limited Edition cards were printed in August/October of 1993 and Unlimited being printed in December of 1993. The card in the video was never reprinted on a playable card after that because of how broken it is.

Many of the cards from these sets were damaged or lost by players who
 had no reason at the time to think that some cards would ever be not reprinted. The second printing of the set was literally called “Unlimited”. Since this card could go in any deck and is powerful, it saw a lot of play. Also, Alpha cards became very unpopular because the Beta run cards have different corner cuts on the cards. Playing with Alpha and Beta cards led to playing with an essentially marked deck, so it wasn’t done or allowed by most players. Every card printed after used
 the same corners as the Beta run. So Alpha cards were poorly regarded for a time.

Later, when it became apparent that the makers of the game were going
 to balance the game by not reprinting broken cards, people started to place their cards in protective plastic sleeves. These sleeves often feature a back that you cannot see through so players cannot determine cards in the deck by their normal wear. This also had the side-effect of
 allowing Alpha cards to be played with cards from other runs and sets, as the corners could not be seen until the card was drawn. Now anyone could play with the oldest cards in the game making them very desirable.

The card by itself, when played, does nothing to directly win the game for the player. It gives the player the temporary opportunity to play cards earlier than they normally would, or more cards than normal during that turn. When this is done early in the game, it can give the player a head start that the opponent may not be able to match, or match
 it quickly enough. Later in the game it can catch an opponent off guard
 by allowing the player to player more cards than the opponent anticipates. Also, this card can be played effectively in any deck with any other cards in that deck. There is no deck or play strategy that would not benefit from this card.

In the early days of the game, using this card could lead to a first turn win when played with 2 other cards. The 3 cards don’t need each other to function and the combo was likely unintentional from the creators of the game, but when played together and especially on the first turn, it is an instant win. The game is basically: draw your hand,
 and if you were lucky enough to get those cards, just lay down your hand for your opponent to see so they can tell you to “fuck off” because
 it is game over before they got to do anything.

This gives the card notoriety, adding to its value.
I gave him all the cash I had in my pocket...
Most people look down at the homeless..... Not all in that situation are bad people.  People arent  all lucky with life.... 

I've been homeless, and it wasn't because of drugs or alcohol, I was fired for leaving my job to help my then gf,  who had a rare disease that affects the adrenal system. That led to the downfall that led us to
 live in the car with our service dog.  We begged on Craigslist for dog food for her. We could eat at the soup kitchen, but we didn't feed her that. 

Cheers for you for helping. You have no idea how appreciative some can be when they have nothing. 

Edit.....  I corrected some of the text that my phone decided to add in its brilliance, and Cheers for the gold... For some reason that really means alot today. 
Most awkward bus ride ever. I guess bearded guys look alike.
If I knew how to give you gold, I would.

I lost my best friend in 2010. He was like my brother, I love that kid. The more time that goes by, the more little things remind me of him, but I lose the big things. His face is still strong in my memory, I
 see it when I close by eyes. But I can't hear his voice anymore. It's just, gone. But sometimes I'll be in an elevator and smell his cologne. And it's like he's right there.
When we were in our late teens, we both fell on hard times, but his brother took us in. We didn't have money for much of anything, we'd pool
 our cash for food or cigarettes, rarely enough for both. We got really resourceful, figuring out how to get by without the cash we used to have. I learned to cut his hair, the poor guy had cow licks EVERYWHERE. He was like a human guinea pig lol. I remember his facial hair. He decided he wanted to try that stupid chin strap beard thing, I guess it was in style. But his left sideburn had a cow lick, I called it his "whirly gig." 

I can't remember his voice, but dammit if I don't remember that stupid "whirly gig!"
The coolest sound ever and a vlogger reacting accordingly.  - [16:02]
So this is what happens when your dog turns into a human. 
My
 12 year old niece said all her friends were listening to this song. I made this so her Mom could hear its basically about a woman sleeping with a drug dealer so he can buy her stuff.  - [3:47]
This is all I'm hearing now.
Peasant didn't like my criticism of consoles
I'm not going to defend this person, just offer a little psychology 101:

TL:DR A sexist comment doesn't make someone sexist. This kid had his feelings hurt, so he tried to hurt OP's feelings back.

He isn't sexist, I'm willing to wager my left testicle that the same number of the guys that use "girl gamers are..." are sexist as the same number of them have fornicated with our moms. It is said for the sole purpose of enticing an emotional response, that's the whole point of trash talk, however, no one taught these kids how to properly trash talk.

The reason people attack that aspect of a woman's identity is because
 a vast vast majority of the female gamer community voice their disapproval of such language. What ends up happening is the troll use that as artillery to attack someone on a personal level without actually
 knowing anything about them to incite that emotional response. They know the trolling works because they see all the results of a larger group voicing disdain for such language. The appropriate response to trolls is to either 1. ignore them (most effective), 2. bite back with a
 quip of your own, down playing their comment (not as effective), or 3. do as the mods do and ban them from your online community.

This kid felt like he was attacked personally for enjoying his consoles, so he attacked back with something equally personal. A "misery
 loves company" mindset if you will.

edit: formatting and grammar
Startup Crunches 100 Terabytes of Data in a Record 23 Minutes using a tool called Spark
This article lacks technical detail. Let me correct that with 15 minutes of research, Q&amp;A style.


When they sort 100 TB of "Data", does that mean you're sorting 25,000,000,000,000 integers or what?


No, the Gray Sort is 100 byte records, containing 10 byte keys. The payload isn't relevant for sorting. Thus 100 TB is 1,000,000,000,000 records.


How much CPU power did they use?


They used 206 i2.8xlarge AWS instances. Each instance has 32 CPU cores, 244 GB of RAM, and 6400 GB of SSD storage with TRIM. The CPUs are
 "high frequency" Ivy Bridge cores.


100 byte records? That's got to kill your cache.


Indeed. They didn't sort the records directly, but instead sorted metadata. The metadata record used 10 bytes to store the sort key, and 4
 bytes to store the record index. The remaining 2 bytes is padding.


So they didn't sort 100TB at all.


No, they sorted 16TB, or 14TB plus 2TB of junk, or 10TB plus 6TB of junk, depending on how you count.


What sort algorithm do they use?


They used TimSort plus map-reduce. I haven't been able to find more detail, but the source is available.

Ask more questions, get more answers.
Don't like Jehovah Witnesses?
Look, people should make their own choices. But they are
 a cult. One that practices destructive mind and thought control. They are led by liars and deceivers. They spread misinformation by the truckload. They practice shunning which has been identified as a form of
 psychological torture. They doggedly stick to policies that provide safe haven to child molestors, in many cases harboring them. They treat women as lesser.

Sure, there are many JWs that are good folk. I have family that are JW. My wife is a JW. They aren't good folk because
 they are JWs, they are just good folk. And they are still culpable for supporting an organization that is so blatantly destructive and deceitful. And that organization is so good at thought control that in an age where you can literally research everything I've said about them and see the proof for yourself in black and white...that it is still highly unlikely you will believe it. And I'm not talking about doctrinal
 interpretation. I could argue all week long about any number of interpretive religious beliefs and get nowhere. I'm talking about blatant lies, misquotes and deceptions that 99% of JWs take as gospel and repeat to others ad infinitum.

So great for you and your fantastic experiences with that organization. But you're only having that experience because you either don't know about their destructive ways, or don't care to know.

Edit: Some kind stranger popped my gold cherry while I was asleep. Thank you!
Admitted for heart Arrhythmia. Hospital was boring. So
I'm surprised you're not playing katawa shoujo. Get well soon. &lt;3

Edit: Wow, thanks for the reddit gold random stranger! &lt;3
Card collector opens up a ~$27000 magic card, and gets excited.  - [10:00]
I like how you can read that you're a douche. 
The Biggest Company You've Never Heard Of  - [2:22]
Well thats creepy
ISIS Declares Itself Pro-Slavery
Now it feels like they are just picking things to piss people off. 

Hitler? We LOOOOVVVE him.

Comcast? Not that bad of a company. We wear their polos.

Tumblr accounts are REQUIRED.

Andy Dick plays here almost every night when Carlos Mencia isn't around.
ISPs Are Throttling Encryption, Breaking Net Neutrality And Making Everyone Less Safe
No. A wireless ISP is intercepting SMTP traffic on Port 25 ... and not supporting encryption on that intercepted channel.

Not really surprising. Messing with outbound port 25 has been pretty common for some time due to SPAM. If they are also messing with 587, that would be concerning but certainly not "throttling encryption".
ISIS Declares Itself Pro-Slavery
ISIS appoints Tony Abbott as environment minister. 
Now entering the final stages of Alzheimer's, musician Glen Campbell records a brutally honest song about the disease.  - [2:57]
Sorry for the poor quality.
The coolest sound ever and a vlogger reacting accordingly.  - [16:02]
Very GIF worthy.
http://gfycat.com/ThankfulMarvelousChafer

EDIT: Woke up Gold! Thank you kind stranger! You made my day :D
And
 this is why the religious right is a cancer to human rights and needs to go away. Step out of the 1st century, women are people with rights too.
They really are the American Taliban.
Many humble thanks to all, and thanks for the Gold, kind stranger!!!
Kim Jong-Un makes first appearance in public since 3rd September
Word is that he saw his shadow--six more decades of tyranny ahead, I'm afraid. 

EDIT: Thanks for the gold!
All about that bass...
Here's why that song is a piece of shit.


I can shake it, shake it like I’m supposed to do


So right off the bat, women are “supposed” to be fat. Fuck skinny people, they’re obviously shallow whores


Cause I got that boom boom that all the boys chase


Alright so this is a body acceptance song that validates your physical attributes based on how attractive men find them. This is going
 well so far


And all the right junk in all the right places


It’s not enough to be fat, you have to be the RIGHT kind of fat.


Cause every inch of you is perfect from the bottom to the top


Literally the only positive line in the entire song


Boys like a little more booty to hold at night


Again with gauging beauty based on how attractive men find you, remind me how this is any better than fat-shaming


I won't be no stick figure silicone Barbie doll


Because every woman with a BMI below 32 is a “stick figure,” and is made of “silicone.”


Go ahead and tell them skinny bitches that


More talking shit about skinny women like the bitter cow that she is

I wouldn't care if the song wasn't written and received as a glorious
 beacon of social justice. It's just more bullshit that makes some women
 feel better about themselves at the expense of other women's self esteem. Literally no better than photoshopped size 00 underwear models.
Kim Jong-Un makes first appearance in public since 3rd September
you are now moderator of /r/WillyWonka 

edit Holy shit this is my highest rated comment since my "I donated to this pet owners vet fund from MO tornados" comment. And gold to boot!
 Obligatory thanks, etc!
Found an old 1990 VHS (mostly Nickelodeon). No rhyme, no theme. Just hit Record 24 years ago and let it run.  - [248:41]
His name is Donavan Freberg.

Google search with pics.

Funny Onion article.

Edit: Holy crap! Thanks for the gold kind stranger!
What if Bob Ross was a serial killer, &amp; he painted the landscapes of where he hid the bodies.
To
 keep the police vigilant, he'd hide traces of his next victim's DNA mixed into the paint. It's all a game to him, a happy little game
It's called "The Benjamin Franklin effect."
This. 

This is also why when you're in a relationship, it's important not to
 do everything for your SO, not to pay for everything, don't be the only
 one giving massages and compliments, etc. It may seem counterintuitive to not want to constantly please your SO, but a big part of getting your
 SO to appreciate you is to have them do things for you. Don't be afraid
 to ask for a back rub, ask them to help you out with chores, ask them to be there for you when you're upset, etc. Waiting on them hand and foot is a good way to get them to take you for granted. Good relationships are give and take. 

edit: Thank you for the gold! 
Just a reminder
Socially awkward uncomfortable situation minor bad luck mistake seal, Brian Marvin the Penguin. 
Card collector opens up a ~$27000 magic card, and gets excited.  - [10:00]
I like how you can hear that he is fat.
My
 12 year old niece said all her friends were listening to this song. I made this so her Mom could hear its basically about a woman sleeping with a drug dealer so he can buy her stuff.  - [3:47]
Add some horns and a bass guitar and you've got a Cake cover
This was probably the best part about any Book Fair.
George
 is the kid on the left with the tie and the flat-top. Harold is the kid
 on the right with the t-shirt and the bad haircut. Remember that now.

Well, not only did I remember it then...I still remember it now. :D

EDIT: Holy geez, gold. That's about the last thing I expected. Thanks!
My
 12 year old niece said all her friends were listening to this song. I made this so her Mom could hear its basically about a woman sleeping with a drug dealer so he can buy her stuff.  - [3:47]
He is definitely one of Reddit's spirit animals.
My
 12 year old niece said all her friends were listening to this song. I made this so her Mom could hear its basically about a woman sleeping with a drug dealer so he can buy her stuff.  - [3:47]
No one's going to say it? Alright. You sound like Stu Pickles.
​Denmark to ban sex with animals
A much more direct example:

It's legal to fist a cow's cunt to impregnate her for money and get the juices flowing, but not to do it for fun. Wanna jerk off a horse? No
 problem as long as you collect the jizz to sell. If you just enjoy it, well, you're suddenly abusing the animal and are a horrible deviant. It's only abuse if someone gets off from it, apparently?

Same with dogs. Want to whore your dog out for cash to fuck other dogs? A-OK. Wanna get your pup knockedf up constantly to sell her offspring? Great! You even have to strap 'em into little leash/noose things to keep them from fighting sometimes, but it's no problem.
 That's all great, nobody cares. But as soon as someone let's a dog fuck
 on its own accord them it's abusive and horrible to the animal.

Bestiality laws are obviously controversial, but anyone that pretends
 it has anything to do with animal rights is a dumbass; it's obviously a
 social effort to quash something weird and unusual more than anything else. If anyone really gave a fart about animal rights there'd be a lot better places to start if you wanted to lessen the sexual exploitation of animals - ie animal husbandry, breeding farms, semen collection, artificial insemination, etc. I doubt any of those animals "consent", and it could be argued that the owners in that case likely care less than someone who has a sexual relationship with an animal. They can't "consent," no more than they can consent to playing with the tennis ball
 you give them or eat the food you put down every day. Consent is an asinine notion when dealing with animals. Someone may argue "but I can tell he likes playing with the ball!" But somehow that doesn't count when regarding sexual things.

I've got kinda weird feelings about the whole thing, I just hate to see people suddenly take up this flag of being a bleeding heart for animals when, in reality, they don't give a shit. It's just an excuse that makes them look better without having to flat out say "people who have sex with animals are horrible and terrible people." Instead they can say "we're just watching out for animal rights! Well, these ones specifically at least, and only in this one miniscule context. Nevermind
 the countless farms and ranches where this 'abuse' happens much more regularly and often, arguably from individuals who care less about the animals too."

Just sayin'. I'm sure I'll get flak because you can't discuss anything without somehow automatically being accused of it or being a champion for it; I just think it's kinda sad that everyone nods their heads along with this for all the wrong reasons and ignores much greater
 issues of animal abuse, especially if you genuinely consider jacking off a horse to be abusive, I'm sure it happens tens of thousands of times more for profit-focused breeding programs than it does for some guy or gal gettin' their jimmies off.
​Denmark to ban sex with animals
This
 is just another example if the puritanism that is slowly taking hold in
 my country. We already have a law forbidding causing unnecessary harm to animals, which has been used to prosecute cases where sex has resulted in harm to the animal. What this law does is outlawing people letting themselves be fucked by a dog or masturbating a horse, activities which hurts absolutely no one involved. 

The people supporting this in government are just interested in getting votes from close-minded people, who thinks its somehow "wrong" or "unnatural". The same arguments which where used against gays in the past here. The consensus in r/Denmark at the moment is very critical of this new bill.

Edit: I did not realize that this issue was so controversial, and i have received a lot of comments. I will try to adress some of the main counterpoints to the arguments in favor of a ban here: 

a) An animal cannot consent to sex:

First of all i would like to point out that we do way more horrible things to animals everyday, we eat, castrate, kill and imprison them. Yet only sex with an animal supposedly requires consent. 

Secondly if the animal is the initiating and active partner does that
 not constitute consent? There was an interview with a man in Metro express in Denmark, where he described how he has sex with his dog as the active partner. If the dog did not want to participate surely it would not initiate sex with him. 

b) Sex with animals are "unnatural" or "wrong"

The problem with this type of argument is that you want to outlaw an activity, which hurts no one, because you find it unnatural. Unless you can clearly and conclusively offer a definition of what constitutes unnatural behaviour this becomes a precedent to outlaw any practice that
 a majority might find unnatural. If a majority of Ugandans wants to outlaw homosexuality does that make it okay? If a majority decided tomorrow that sex in the missionary position was unnatural would that make it okay to outlaw it?

c) Having sex with an animal is equivalent to having sex with a child. 

In addition to my arguments under pt. a, i would adress here specifically that a child is not physically or emotionally ready to have
 sex, and as such any sexual behavior with a child  is damaging. That is
 certainly not the case with animals, as they are biologically programmed to have sex and to get pleasure from sexual stimulation. 

d) It is horrible to rape animals, so sex with animals should be outlawed. 

All rape is indeed abhorrent, and rapists should be prosecuted. The current law in Denmark already forbids causing unnecesary suffering to an animal, and has been used to prosecute rape against animals before. The proposed new law adds no further protection in this regard. 

e) Sex with animals leads to risk of disease etc

So does every other sexual activity, but we do not outlaw them. Remember that this is allowed right now and has been happening for years
 here. There is no terrible public health issue stemming from this which
 might require an extraordinary ban. 

Edit2: Thanks for the gold :) Now i just need to figure out how to use it. 
John
 Cleese quits making movies: "It is too much like hard work. It is two-and-three-quarter years and I am too old for that process. I have only got five or six years left and I will be gone. I won’t have to worry about ISIS or Ebola. I am looking forward to it."
Fun Fact of the Day:

You do not actually have to worry about ISIS or Ebola, regardless of your age.
Had a discussion with my girlfriend's pastor
Since he is the one making the claims, he is the one who needs to provide his citations.

But "Prophecies" are the silliest attempt at proving religions. Usually it's just the Texas Sharpshooter Fallacy: Take something we now know, and with the aid of hindsight, flip through the pages and try to find something in the Bible that fits. You could do this with almost any
 book, including Lord of the Rings. Two towers, conflict between warring
 nations, one of which (orcs) has darker pigmentation than the others (men, elves) and are considered to be more barbaric; one even suicide-bombed to bust open Helm's Deep; Holy shit, JRR Tolkein prophecied 9/11! LOTR must be true! 

They just do that, but with the Bible.
This is how a $1 million UAV "lands".
Good one.
Just another day in the Midwest.
After his crucifixion he was. 
Seeing these Pro-Russian rebels makes me wish Rockstar would quit making such inaccurate stereotypes
Silver? Yeah, I'm not risking my feet for silver.
Not Reno 911  - [1:47]
I don't know how to argue against that but it's the internet so I'm going to try.

edit: Wow thankyou for the gold! And thanks for supporting reddit by doing so! :)
I just got accused of posting my meme in the wrong sub because it didn't have an animal
Oh you. 
​Denmark to ban sex with animals
I'm more surprised that those animals managed to book a flight to Denmark. 

Edit: Gilded! It gives me that warm fuzzy feeling... kind of like these chinchillas in my bath robe. 
Girl shakes boobs to Mozart  - [1:27]
Fux her right in Debussy!
Girl shakes boobs to Mozart  - [1:27]
Fine,
 if you can forgive me for the vertical video (It's hard to hold the phone at the right angle, press the record button, and do this at the same time) https://vid.me/s3k

Edit: Gilded! Danke! :) I was getting asked a lot: "It looks like you're moving your shoulder?" Answer: I am but a sedentary software engineer. I don't have the muscle isolation/control that she does, and my pecs were le tired :( The breasts are about half boob/half implant by
 volume, and the only thing that's moving is the implants, so if you had
 larger implants (like in our lovely Mozart-loving friend), the effect would be...erm... enhanced.
Secret space plane X-37B to finally land after record 667 days in orbit
im not joking, but will a cashier not let you ring though 666 dollars in America?

I have no idea why I was gilded for this but thanks!
Tony
 Abbott says "coal is good for humanity" while opening mine - "Coal is vital for the future energy needs of the world, so let’s have no demonization of coal"
Tony
 Abbott, Prime Minister of the country with the oldest rainforests and the largest reef ecosystems... determined to be the last Prime Minister of those things.

EDIT: Thanks for the gold kind stranger! Now I just have to figure out what to do with it...
As a console gamer for my entire life, I can't believe I'm doing this
Reason
 I can't believe I'm doing it is because I have no experience with PCs, and haven't played anything but flash games on a computer. It feels a bit surreal. I got transferred to another class at my Uni, and met a guy
 who told me PC was the right way to go. I'm nervous, and excited. Also,
 I'm ready.   

Luckily, new friend will help me decide what's best and will teach and help me how to build. Yay! Time to make a Steam account.
Surely the man who killed Bruce Wayne's parents is inadvertently responsible for saving Gotham countless times.
There
 should be a comic riffing on It's a Wonderful Life where the guy regrets his crimes and wishes he'd never been born. Leading to a world without Batman. 
Hints for modifying a .sty file
What a fun problem!  When you look in the .sty you see that the relevant definition is \xpositionmarks.  So copy that defn into the preamble, surrounded by \makeatletter and \makeatother (that way the character @ is OK to use in the regular doc, not in a .sty).  Then you see that the definition of \Alph is at issue-- probably babel grabs it and changes it.  I stole one without the Spanish N from HO's alphalph.sty.

This is how my 9 year old nephew PC games.
Someone move the damn printer to the other side for him!  You inconsiderate jerks...  lefties unite!

Edit:  WHAT???  My "Gold" Cherry is finally broken!?  I'm so humbled.  A thousand thank-yous kind stranger!
4 ISIS militants were poisoned after drinking tea offered to them by a local resident.
There
 are some good aspects to many Arab countries, but let me add some stuff
 that is more general that I really like about Arab countries:

First and foremost is the culture. I know there are definitely aspects of our culture that seem behind-the-times and we definitely have
 areas to improve, but it gets a bad rap because pretty much everyone (even non-Westerners these days) use the West as the benchmark. It's very ethnocentric and kind of bothers me. If we judged Western cultures based on our own values, they too would come out looking like huge failures. I'll give some examples.

I like how small children are treated in arab countries; they can go out and play by themselves and not only won't be afraid of abduction and
 general creepiness, but people will actually not mind if just a total stranger talks their kids, plays with them, etc. There is always a sense
 of "it takes a village to raise a child". From my experience at least, kids are not just someone's son or daughter, they are all of our sons and daughters. Even guys who are hardened by a rough life in the streets
 will make jokes with young kids. And in general, kids still have their innocence in arab countries. The boys are left to be boys, playing, fighting, etc and the girls aren't dressing like whores by age 10 like in some countries and even being entered into weird pageants and the like. They aren't spoiled, they respect their elders, they appreciate what they have, they don't complain if you send them to the store to buy
 something, etc. Arab children have a very great combination of responsibility and irresponsibility.

I also like that there is a stronger sense of community. I live in the US now, but when I go to Algeria, I can walk around with my cousins and when people start talking to us, it usually takes me a minute to realize if this is my cousin's friend or just a stranger who we're chatting with while we wait for coffee. The guy working at the place we used to go for breakfast has probably seen me at most 5 times in his life, and was I was short on cash, he was just like "that's ok, just bring it next time". People are more out-going. People shoot the shit with each other, if you see something amusing, you can make a comment no
 problem. If you walk by someone, they'll make a joke to you without being involved in your day at all. Or the old guy on the bus or you're sharing a taxi with who will just tell you his whole life story or spend
 the whole ride complaining about politics to people.

And I like, as hard as it is to believe, that there's still a general
 sense of "common sense prevails" in our countries. If there's a suspicious bag at the bus stop, you don't need to evacuate the whole city and send in the bomb squad. Just see what's inside and return it to
 its owner or leave it there. If you're driving, people won't flip out if you back up on a one-way because it will save you 10 minutes rather than going all the way around. Just check to make sure when it's safe and then go. Lots of streets don't even have stop signs or lane markers.
 Just stay to the right if someone's coming, and if it's a blind intersection, stop before you go to make sure you don't die or kill anyone. I'm from Constantine, the 3rd biggest city in Algeria. There isn't a single traffic light in the whole city. Just common sense you know?

This might not go for all places, like maybe not Dubai for example, but most arab countries give off a vibe that the people will make do with what they have, if things are going their way then allhamdullilah and if they're not then allah ghaleb. At the same time, nobody is working too hard or taking life to seriously, they'd rather spend time with their families or just living life rather than "chasing a dream". All of this, the humbleness and piety that comes from a strong sense of spirituality, combined with the almost stubborn level of pride of a people with a very glorious history and the struggles of the modern day;
 it makes for cities and towns that are just simply charming, no other way to describe it.
This is without even mentioning the food, which I mean, c'mon. Obviously
 the food.

Even though a lot of shit is being dumped on Arab countries these days, and we have an insanely long list of issues to tackle (corruption,
 dictators, tyrants, extremist takfiris, violence, inequality, more violence, etc etc), I still love my country and the arab people.
8th grade was a magical time
OP will deliver 

Edit: Thanks for the Gold! 
Why can't we replace hearts and lungs by pumping oxygenated blood though people?
I
 took a master's in biomedical engineering and one of our professors who
 taught blood compatibility had actually worked on a lot of the early heart and lung machines. The two organs are indeed usually replaced together because the new artificial lung needs a good pressure difference to drive the blood through that you wouldn't want the patient's heart to have to maintain. 

He told us about the detrimental effects of the systems and I'll try to summarize. One is that the pumps lyse ("pop") the red blood cells. Another is platelet ("scab") accumulation on the device. Basically, the only thing blood won't try to scab up on is immunocompatible flesh.

These problems can be mitigated by constant fresh blood infusion and swapping out the machine, but infection is also a constant risk. The devices he worked on were used to treat acute, but not chronic, lung failure while the lungs would heal to take the job back over. IIRC, roughly one week.
Hoping r/atheism can answer these questions

Couldn't find this one on talk origins :O But I know this one myself ^ ^ Most fossils are not actual living bones, they are marks on rocks that the bones left on them when they were there. Most fossils you
 see on museums are "reconstructions" built from scratch with artificial
 materials to simulate how the bones would look like, based on the fossils (rocks) we found. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fossil


While remodeling a Best Buy, we found these empty boxes under one of the shelving fixtures.
Just like they found the Boston bombers
An al-Qaeda money man was employed by the Qatari government despite being officially designated a terrorist by the US.
This
 has been mentioned time and again in more serious discussions. To answer this question, one must understand the Syrian Civil war. It is not a group of rebels against the government, but a dozen groups of rebels against the government, who form alliances or openly fight each other, with these relations changing over the course of time. One can recognize 3 major groups:


Free Syrian Army (FSA): Those are the so-called "moderate" rebels. They want to overthrow Assad because they view him as a tyrant who denies the Syrian people their rights. A small part of them believe that the biggest problem with Assad is that he is a Shia (Alawite) Muslim, while 60% of the population are Sunni. Those are let's say "internal" rebels, they have no reason to step outside Syria's borders. Thus, they were armed covertly by countries in the area, including Turkey and Saudi Arabia, to serve their own interests and keeping Syria busy.
Syrian Kurds (YPG): These fight in the northern areas of Syria. Their goal is independence from Syria and forming Western Kurdistan. The
 groups consists almost entirely of Kurds and strongly resents Islamists. Note that these are different from the Iraqi Kurds and the end result of all this could be not one but two Kurdistan states.
Islamists: These are religious extremists whose main motivation is spreading their version of Islam. Early in the war, this faction was represented by al-Nursa, i.e. the AQ affiliate in Syria. They co-operated with FSA in some occasions, mainly because Assad's government (with help from Iran and Hezbollah) had the advantage and was
 seen as a common enemy. Then, AQ in Iraq (AQI), which is now known as ISIS, show the opportunity and got involved in the Syrian rebel war, capturing a large territory. Despite sharing goals, al-Nusra and ISIS are rivals.


Here's where it gets complicated. As I mentioned before, FSA and Al-Nusra have been fighting together against Assad, depending on the circumstances. Also, the FSA has a minority who view religion as equally
 important as civil rights. So, it's not unlikely for FSA fighters to join or at least co-operate with Al-Nusra. Now add to the mix ISIS, whose brutal methods and many successes have allowed it to recruit rebels who were aligned with Al-Nusra, but joined ISIS as a result of their successes. ISIS is also known to threaten rebel groups to either join them or die. 

So, you could've armed/helped a FSA fighter, which then became an ISIS fighter. The problem is, while this was happening to the ground, the governments that supported the rebels were both not aware of the potential of ISIS and did not care if some Islamists were armed too. Furthermore, certain individuals in SA and UAE willingly fund Islamists and their governments don't care much to stop them. 

EDIT: Thank you for gold!!
/u/BVas89 explains how to hold a orgasm in a football description.
So long as you don't start moaning "milk, juice, bananas" in her ear while getting steadily softer. 

EDIT: Well gee, guess I better go start a sex advice column. (Thanks for the gold!)
So many thoughts going through my head now...
Gather round, good people, while I sing the tale of  
see dude? you just got skipped for the next shitty comment
Israel Starts Building 600 New Settlement Houses in East Jerusalem and seized land in the West Bank on Saturday.
http://www.timesofisrael.com/israel-okays-2610-homes-for-jews-and-arabs-in-e-jerusalem/
Just in case you're looking for some balance on th subject. East Jerusalem is old and needs updates. The Wafa article is biased in that it claims the land is for "settlements." Not necessarily true. There is a
 housing plan approved by the Arab Israelis of E Jelem that is part of this plan. It's actually multi racial housing for everyone.
Edit wow gold! Thank you!!!!
It
 is time to end the drug war. We recently learned that the DEA is now investigating US investors who invest in Canadian medical marijuana companies, as opposed to fighting cocaine a heroin trafficking. This should infuriate everyone.
I understand your point of view, but I find the logic offensive.

I don't think the DEA should be doing EITHER of the things you suggest.

You seem to be one of these people who think "End the war on drugs" is the same thing as legalizing weed.... its not, it's only one VERY SMALL step. 

Cocaine &amp; Heroin are not to be idolized, but just like Marijuana,
 legal prohibition makes the life users &amp; innocent bystanders effected by the trafficking of them WAY worse. The US War on Drugs is to
 blame not only for the US having a shameful incarceration rate, but for
 establishing many governments throughout the world. These social ills where not, primarily, because of weed.

We need to treat ALL drug issues as medical issues, not a criminal one. Offer clean drugs, needles &amp; treatment. Refocusing the DEA &amp; company on to heroin &amp; coke only serves to shift the misery and does not help anyone. 

I'm sorry, but I can't take your rant seriously when you say "leave this illegal drug alone and focus on those other illegal drugs, because we have to end the drug war". 
Stupidity level 666
Put
 down Jesus for everything. It would only work in the particularly extreme schools, but in that case if they mark them as wrong, you could probably accuse them of being satanists or hating Jesus. It'd probably work somewhat well in the bible belt.
Minor mistake Vincent
This thread is real quality content.
Bill Nye actually EXPLAINS GMO's in his own unique style.  - [7:58]
There
 are many reasons why people are anti-gmo. One valid reason to be cautious about it is it's potential effect on the food chain and natural
 cycles of the earth. These changes, selective breeding, took many seasons and harvests to perfect. Now corporations can create new species
 of plants in a fraction of the time. 

1) Some of these plants are resistant to certain insects, and hence need less pesticide. 

2) And some plants are resistant to certain pesticides, which allows companies to actually sell more pesticides to use on the resistant crops. 

Both of these scenarios are potentially harmful. 

1) This can disrupt the food chain of a certain pest, which is food for another animal, which is food for another, etc. - By disrupting this
 natural cycle it can throw an ecosystem out of balance. What is considered a pest to us, is food for another animal. 

2) using more pesticides on resistant crops (for example Round Up resistant crops) can actually lead to more pollution and residual run off. This can have a negative effect on down stream animals and plants. 

I think GMO is something that can be used for good, but we must be more careful and not apply Moore's Law to genetic modification of plants. 

Our ecosystem is already in dire straights, we should seriously take our time to assess the possible outcomes. 

For More Information: http://www.monsanto.com/weedmanagement/pages/roundup-ready-system.aspx

MIT discussion: http://web.mit.edu/demoscience/Monsanto/about.html
Why male rape has to be hilarious...  - [2:18]
There's
 a difference between being 13 and jerking off to super models when your
 parents aren't home and having a trusted authority figure get you naked
 and then tell you to lie about it. There's a difference between hesitant or wild sexual contact between similar aged kids figuring shit out and getting your face pressed against your guidance counselor's underwear instead of getting the disciplinary action you were just worried about moments before. You think it's the same, just another way to get a load out? 

Think of an awkward nephew or young cousin you have. A son? A shy kid. Not what you were. Identify with someone else. Not every boy is okay with being naked around a group or strangers just as girls aren't. Now take away their choice. Take away talking to dad about the gym showers. Take away talking to best friend about kissing Anna during the pep rally. You aren't 'figuring shit out' with peers. You aren't doing what everyone else is, on your terms. You're a fuck puppet. You're a secret. You're being forced to drive a Ferrari and you're fucking 13. That seems cool, too? Except you don't get driving lessons. You skipped those. You just get in. Oh and no matter how well you do, you can't tell
 anyone? Hmm. Don't think that would be confusing? Think it just sounds cool? Would you say this to a 13 year old: "Hey, nice Need for Speed record. Drive dad's new Chevy to the gas station and fill her up."  At 13, I would have cried in the driveway because I was actually a smart kid.

At that age you might start off thinking that jerking it when mom's not in is wrong, but you're the one that sought the images, there's no one around you, and you learn that everyone jerks it soon enough. It becomes harmless in your mind. It's just you, exploring yourself for yourself, at your natural pace. What if mom walked in and made you keep going and watched and touched herself? A maternal/paternal teacher or coach figure can be compared with a child's own parent touching them. If
 you think your uncle or aunt going down on you at 13 would've been fun for you, you don't really remember being 13. 

Also, who said rapists and molesters or pedophiles had to be hot? That guy mentioned looks but... You think they're all smoking? Try liver
 spots on a 56 year old man that smokes a pack a day and wants to lick your asshole and have you suck his sweaty piece every Thursday while you're supposed to be learning math. Try your aunt at Thanksgiving, giving you money for your 'birthday' that increases in amount every year
 that you don't talk. And you know that's wrong... But you're not an adult yet. You haven't realized you have power. You haven't realized that you are even a force in the world. 

No one would believe you anyway, so you don't even process the notion that you COULD say something. Don't be a whining bitch.

It comes down to an absolute lack of choice and a removal from you as
 a person that can decide or have things based on your own wants or needs. It's their wants, only. You don't get to say 'nah, not in the mood today' or 'but you're old' or 'but you're my best friend's mom/dad and married to my coach'. You don't get a sexual experience that's in any way geared towards your pleasure, experience, or wants beyond a hard
 dick. You don't get to say stop. It's gross, he's gross, she's crazy, and you leave every day/year feeling spit between your butt cheeks or your mom's little sister's cum on your fingers and later when you go to the bathroom you smell HIS cigarettes on you or can't seem to wash it off your hand this time and you know that you're going back and it's not
 your choice and never was and probably still isn't. And that's how life
 works.

Except it isn't. And that's how abuse through generations happens. Such acts, covered by veils of betrayal, manipulation, secrecy and abandonment of interest are as rooted in a child's development as any techniques or tips and tricks mentioned in parenting threads. It's not sex between two people that are on the same page or even in the same book and those values/lack-thereof and situations are reinforced in the growing mind. It might not hit them when they're young, but one day they'll realize that what's been imprinted in them is backwards because they will have backwards parts that others don't.

Any child can feel just about every emotion a girl in her 20's has, but while the adult has multiple cups to hold it all evenly, especially in the event of rape when some of those glasses break or fall, the child
 has just one, maybe two. The child will lose much more of their contents (or perhaps internalize and digest their own matter to prevent it from being lost), even if they don't understand what that means until
 they're much older and are trying to quench a thirst that no one else understands.

And if at the end of all of this you don't get how sex could be anything but pleasure to any male human, think about trying to hold off and failing or jerking it and being startled into an orgasm that is weak
 and a let down. Make it a bigger let down. Have your grandmother walk in and finish you and you just sit there looking at porn cause at that age, stimulation could be wind. Whereas now, you actively can suppress it, but you were close and the porn is loud. Then when you cum, look down and the woman 30 years older than you is lapping it up. You have to
 do this every week. Let her get you off. But you've never seen porn. You don't know how to get through. That's your pharmacist, physician, therapist. And you have a ball gag and all you see is wrinkled skin. And
 you've never been with anything else. This is sex now.

Except it isn't...
Destiny and Phantasy Star Online are the same game
I made that proxy :)
School is meant to bring new humans up to speed on humanity's progress so far.
School
 is meant to be about social normalization and easing the conversion of children into productive members of the working class. 

Actually helping them find their passion and specialize enough to advance a frontier is way too hard, so it's a much easier task to pay lip service to that idea, reward conformity, and punish mistakes.
 EDIT: Thank you for the gold. :D
School is meant to bring new humans up to speed on humanity's progress so far.
School is meant to indoctrinate new humans to our culture and belief system as a nation.  Trust me, I'm a teacher.
Fellow
 Americans understand this: We're in a class war( corporations versus citizens ) and next month both non-participation or a vote for the G.O.P. is a vote for the American corporate agenda and against the American citizen's agenda.
This
 post is actually hilarious. I'm pretty moderate and vote for Republicans and Democrats depending on the candidate (I don't know, probably like everyone should). This post is seriously exactly what the GOP laughs at when they think of liberals. My entire family is working class/middle class and every one of them are predominantly Republican voters.  

Are they voting against themselves? Their agendas? Are they retarded and have been tricked by the evil GOP? No, I don't think so. 

Posts that make politics this black and white show the immaturity of /r/politics
 (generalized based on upvotes). If anyone truly thinks that the Republican party is evil and does things specifically to hurt citizens, they need to reevaluate their political readings and arenas. This shit is just stupid.  
Fellow
 Americans understand this: We're in a class war( corporations versus citizens ) and next month both non-participation or a vote for the G.O.P. is a vote for the American corporate agenda and against the American citizen's agenda.

I'm of an opinion that facts trump any and every kind of ideological position and that doing what works is what we should ALL be aiming for.


I am not. The facts are simple; the ideologies are what's important. I
 do not want what you want. I am hard right/libertarian/anarcho-capitalist/whatever. I am not progressive. 


One party supports unions, raising the minimum wage, and wage equality for women the other doesn't


Good; I don't. Unions can negotiate if they want, but when they try to pass laws interfering with that negotiation, I'm against them. The minimum wage should be $0. If people want to work for any price, it's no
 third party's place to interfere. And if women get paid less, go open a
 business, hire the talented women for what they're worth, and beat the competition.


One party supports the right for women to family plan and the other doesn't


No, one party supports the right for women to family plan on someone else's dime.
 And if that someone happens to be against family planning, so much the better, because that party likes pissing off that kind of person. Buy all the contraception you want, but don't make anyone countenance it.


One party wants immigration reform and the other doesn't.


Both parties want immigration reform. Just in different directions. One wants to reward illegal aliens; the other wants to punish them. Personally, I'm for open borders, but that includes a background check, and if you don't get one, and if you don't come through a sanctioned crossing, you're a criminal. You don't get a license, you don't get health care, you get thrown in jail.


One party refuses to raise taxes to pay down our 17 trillion in debt and blocks every attempt to do so.


We can also pay down the debt by reducing transfer payments and entitlements. But the other party refuses to do so. Hell, I'd be fine with higher taxes for debt reduction iff we cut spending. Then once the debt's down, we can talk about reversing that.


One party attempted to keep America from the joining the ranks of every other 1st world nation in having universal healthcare coverage for
 it's citizens, the other one enacted and defended that. Generally speaking, democrats own the safety net. They have defended it and strengthened it for 100 years. That having a safety net in America makes
 you hated by conservatives when it is literally the source of happiness
 and quality of life for people all over the free world is a mystery to me.


What do other nations have to do with us? Every other first world nation is wrong and we're right. Or were slightly more correct before Obamacare. Health care is a commodity, not a right. Work, pay, or die. Your life is a right; your survival is not. 

So I'll be voting, but I'll be voting for Republicans or Libertarians, because I'll be voting against you and your agenda. I'll be coming together with other Americans to stop you.
Awesome commercial for German hardware store Hornbach featuring a goth girl.  - [0:46]
You mean, you don't have frogs readily available for throwing? Haha, get a load of this guy! 

Thank for the gold, stranger!
This kid saw the opportunity, took right away  - [0:22]
I got that reference.

Edit: Thanks for the gold, thats what I get for seeing references before anybody else has seen them.
The
 ashes and bones of Philip II of Macedon was confirmed today. How do you
 confirm the identity of a 2300 year old cremated body?
I'm
 a classical archaeologist.  This announcement is simply poor practice.  I won't go on a diatribe here, but there are matters of ethnic identity
 in this part of Greece, notably between Greece and FYROM, and these announcements play into that.

This is also pure sensationalism.  Yes, the tomb suggests an elite burial, but there were hundreds/thousands of elites.  And elites participated in combat, leading to very frequent and very common injuries.  Plus the 'best guess' at the relationship to the female burial is simply based on assuming that the male is Philip II.

From what has been published on this burial, there is nowhere near enough evidence for them to be making the claims that they are making.  Humanities research has to be extremely diligent in making claims as bold as this.  Without any inscriptions, artwork, confirmed personal artifacts, etc., it's simply irresponsible to make these claims as a scholar (as a PR person or marketer, I understand fully.  This gets you on the Discovery Channel).

Take it with a grain of salt.  This assertion would never pass peer review.
Minor Mistake Marvin
Marvins
  face is so deep, complex, yearning for answers in this crazy mess of a
 world.  For even one small mistake can result in the loss of something you thought you had.  In marvins face I see the weight of realization slamming through his soul.  Marvin represents the loss of innocence in this 21st century artificial world...
Stevie
 Wonder catching a falling microphone stand during a live performance...this video is one of the key arguments in the conspiracy theory that he is not actually blind.  - [0:10]
Sikh. The answer is Sikh. 
My good guy landlord came round and shocked me with this today.
you have a nice dad


Edit 1 - thanks for the gold
Edit 2 - Paying rent to live in the basement with your "roommates" sounds more like a bad luck brian to me.

Keurig
 aggressively selling 2.0 system, neglecting to tell consumers that they've implemented DRM-style scanning to render unapproved K-cups unusable.
It's my hardware. It shouldn't require a hack just to be able to run Java.
Racing Mini Quadcopters Advanced Course  - [2:46]
About $700 at least. And that's with cheap FPV gear (First person View camera equipment). 

Basically you need frame: $20-200 depending on brand/clone. I got the ZMR250 carbon kit for $40. 

Motors: $10-100 again depends. I got the DYS BE1806 2300KV which is about $11 each. Buy a spare. 

ESC: These control the power to the motors. I got 12Amp SimonK ESC's, again about $11 each. Get a spare here too. 

Flight controller: This flies the quad. It sends signals to the ESC's
 to increase/decrease motors RPM and keep the quad flying. It also takes
 input from you, via a receiver. Naze32 seems to be the most popular with these mini quads. Only about $30 bucks if you can find one, and they generally need soldering. Could also use the Nazemini if you aren't going to use GPS. 

Transmitter/Receiver: Again depends, I got the FRSky kit on hobbyking
 about $60 bucks, gives you receiver and module. The module clips into the abck of your transmitter. 

Transmitter: Turnigy 9XR $60 bucks. 

Batteries: 1300-1500mah 3C Lipo batteries x 5 = $100

So about $400 for a quad ready to fly. But of course you want to race FPV, which means you need MORE gear. 

I think the cheapest way to do it is get this:

Transmitter and Receiver: I got this pretty cheap at $60 bucks:
http://www.hobbyking.com/hobbyking/store/__15295__SkyZone_5_8Ghz_200mw_FPV_Wireless_AV_Tx_Rx_Set.html

But then I just saw this kit:

http://www.hobbyking.com/hobbyking/store/__65997__Skyzone_Plug_N_Play_FPV_200_Set_With_TS5823_TX_RC832_RX_Sony_CCD_and_Circular_Polarized_Antennas.html

That is awesome value because I spent another $20 on antennas, then $60 on two diff board cameras. 

Now you just need goggles. Cheapest way is this DIY kit:
https://www.hobbyking.com/hobbyking/store/__53706__Quanum_DIY_FPV_Goggle_Set_with_Monitor_KIT_.html

It's only $30 bucks. You can easily spend another $30 and buy a HD  5 inch screen off ebay to upgrade it if you want. 

So yeah. 

I'd say about $700 because there is alot of other stuff you might need to buy, multimeter, soldering iron, hotglue guns. 

And it could easily be $2000 if you go all out on expensive gear. 

This is going to be a popular segment of multicopters, I mean much bigger than anything before it. I can see big tournaments with these quads racing, live streaming over the internet..

It's not HARD as such to build a quad, but it isn't easy, it takes a bit of time to learn the components. It's probably a tiny bit harder than building a computer, but the principals are the same. Given how popular these are going to become there will be more and more almost ready to fly kits. Just add FPV gear and fly. I saw a nice build for about $350, so just add that $70 FPV kit and you'd be good to go. 

I imagine within the next year you will see 'ready build' Ready to fly 250 class racers from companies like Traxxas for example, although they typically make cars, you get my drift. 

But if there's one thing I've learned, theres no such thing as a 'cheap' quad. But I don't play any sports so this is my sport. 

This forum is incredibly valuable resource and good community:

http://www.rcgroups.com/mini-multirotors-800/
United States Navy ship in Soviet waters gets rammed by Soviet Navy warship.  - [2:35]
So,
 as a professional shipdriver, this is an interesting video, and I've seen it a few times in my career.  I would argue that the ramming is not
 intentional, though the close maneuvering is.  The Russians were probably trying to send a message to the Americans to stay out, but ramming them was not their priority.

What most likely happened is due to the what is called the "Venturi effect", which occurs to fluid passing through a constricted space, causing a pressure increase at the bows of the two ships and a pressure drop along the sides of the hull.  I.e. positive pressure zones in front, negative pressure zones on the sides.  So long as the bows remain
 relatively even with each other, they are being pushed away and are in no danger of hitting each other.  However, once the bows become uneven, the positive pressure zone on the bow of one ship, at that range, will get sucked in VERY quickly to the sides of the other.  

The initial hit may have been the Russians dropping back slightly due
 to slowing down too quickly once alongside and getting sucked into the negative pressure area.  When YORKTOWN came up to flank speed at around 2:00, this exacerbated the pressure difference and may have caused the second bump.  Not that it was her fault to begin with, as she was maneuvering in extremis.  Without higher quality video I really can't be
 sure of all this, but it is still an interesting video.
Fellow
 Americans understand this: We're in a class war( corporations versus citizens ) and next month both non-participation or a vote for the G.O.P. is a vote for the American corporate agenda and against the American citizen's agenda.
Besides
 campaign finance reform (which, yes, is a big issue), the main reason why you don't have any choice in elections is largely due to First Past the Post, and how it creates a Spoiler Effect.  

If you've never heard about these things, you need to read about them, educate yourself about what they are, and why voting systems like Approval Voting
 or Score Voting fix them (because they allow voters to express more nuanced voting preferences, and to vote honestly without being penalized
 for doing it, rather than having to vote strategically).  

Go ahead, skim the voting systems wikipedia page and read the other three.  It will take you an hour.  Every single American with an internet connection should be familiar with these ideas, because it's the biggest problem with voting not enough people understand or talk about.  



If you don't want to vote for the available choices (realistically, the 2 main parties)
based off of what they offer in their current platforms, 

then vote for the party most likely to embrace election reforms that give realistic representation to third parties, like Approval Vote counting instead of First Past the Post counting to reduce the Spoiler Effect.  

Vote in Primaries and push for similar reforms in Primaries like the Unified Primary, because that is where candidates can be weeded out before the General elections.  

If you don't think it's feasible to adopt Approval Voting in national politics, help do it through state ballot initiatives that put the choice to adopt reforms like Approval Voting closer to the voters' hands.  
"Religion is not merely the opium of the masses, it's the cyanide." - Tom Robbins, Skinny Legs and All
"The
 foundation of irreligious criticism is: Man makes religion, religion does not make man. Religion is, indeed, the self-consciousness and self-esteem of man who has either not yet won through to himself, or has
 already lost himself again. But man is no abstract being squatting outside the world. Man is the world of man – state, society. This state and this society produce religion, which is an inverted consciousness of
 the world, because they are an inverted world. Religion is the general theory of this world, its encyclopaedic compendium, its logic in popular
 form, its spiritual point d’honneur, its enthusiasm, its moral sanction, its solemn complement, and its universal basis of consolation and justification. It is the fantastic realization of the human essence since the human essence has not acquired any true reality. The struggle against religion is, therefore, indirectly the struggle against that world whose spiritual aroma is religion.

Religious suffering is, at one and the same time, the expression of real suffering and a protest against real suffering. Religion is the sigh of the oppressed creature, the heart of a heartless world, and the soul of soulless conditions. It is the opium of the people.

The abolition of religion as the illusory happiness of the people is the demand for their real happiness. To call on them to give up their illusions about their condition is to call on them to give up a condition that requires illusions. The criticism of religion is, therefore, in embryo, the criticism of that vale of tears of which religion is the halo.

Criticism has plucked the imaginary flowers on the chain not in order
 that man shall continue to bear that chain without fantasy or consolation, but so that he shall throw off the chain and pluck the living flower. The criticism of religion disillusions man, so that he will think, act, and fashion his reality like a man who has discarded his illusions and regained his senses, so that he will move around himself as his own true Sun. Religion is only the illusory Sun which revolves around man as long as he does not revolve around himself."
So this is going to be a thing?
I made a tutorial
 >>terrible   topology   
15 sorting algorithms visualized. It really shows a clear image of how each one works...  - [5:50]
"How's it coming, BogoSort? Almost finished?"

"Almost finished with what?"
Now that's fucking talent  - [1:01]
Hello
 everyone, it's me the unemployed guy in the video. Please subscribe to my youtube channel! I had to register just to say this. Your comments are brilliant. Totally made my day.
Now that's fucking talent  - [1:01]
I got you bro. 

The scene begins with a 4-second introduction. We learn of a man named Mike. But who is Mike, where did he come from and where is this going? There is a clue however, the subheading says "The Super Hero" and
 there is a tie thrown onto a superman logo. 

Next, the video begins with who we assume is Mike. It begins with a standard headshot. He's dressed in a smart grey suit and hat. He's got matte black hair and a very thick bushy moustache and is well built and overall in excellent shape. He's wearing glasses and gradually the camera zooms out to reveal the entire Mike. Meanwhile, Mike throws off his glasses, hat, tie and blazer. He is moving swiftly and with purpose and keeps looking to the left and to the right.

Eventually Mike throws off his pants and shoes to reveal: a superman costume. The intrigue is mounting, but why is Mike dressed in a superman
 costume? We don't know yet. Mike proudly grins at the camera and folds his arms is a very dominant fashion. The camera now is low angle to accentuate Mike's features. At this point he throws off his cape. The suspenseful music is rapidly building, until it suddenly cuts to the song Working for the weekend by Loverboy. 

At this point, Mike triumphantly begins dancing. He's moving left, and right, left and right. Many countless times. There's occasional thrusts left and right also which begin to increase in frequency. Mike is really getting into it and throws out a few claps. 

Next, Mike removes his top and stares at the camera while pec-dancing. Finally he is down to his underwear which leaves little to the imagination. The way Mike is dancing we begin to think maybe he is trying to draw attention to his genital region. He's still smiling eagerly at the camera throughout all this.

His penis flops up and down underneath his underwear. His large pecs also flop up and down as he begins to violently dance away the weekend. At this point Mike takes a quick 15 second break from dancing to pose for the camera and flex his muscles. Then he's back into it. Finally he grabs his underwear and begins to motion that he is about to remove it. 

He removes his underwear, but only to reveal ANOTHER pair of underwear and the camera quickly fades to black. The end.
Keurig
 aggressively selling 2.0 system, neglecting to tell consumers that they've implemented DRM-style scanning to render unapproved K-cups unusable.
Good coffee is whatever you think is good.  It's your mouth.  Don't let other people dictate your taste to you.  
Stevie
 Wonder catching a falling microphone stand during a live performance...this video is one of the key arguments in the conspiracy theory that he is not actually blind.  - [0:10]
You can't ever openly say you want gold, you'll get skipped for the next shitty comment.

Edit: you fell right into my trap. REVERSE PSYCHIATRY.

MFW people don't understand the reference.
Now that's fucking talent  - [1:01]
He's
 worked at Slidemagine Platewhistle Incorporated for almost seven years.
 The first of our scientists to field test our development with a ukulele. Show some respect.
More Americans have been dumped by Taylor Swift than have died from Ebola.
He knows what he said. 
Racing Mini Quadcopters Advanced Course  - [2:46]
Which hole won?
Stevie
 Wonder catching a falling microphone stand during a live performance...this video is one of the key arguments in the conspiracy theory that he is not actually blind.  - [0:10]
Holy
 shit, I was working on that plane working as a air host. It never really occurred to me at the time, but I saw Stevie Wonder filling out a
 crossword puzzle mid-flight. At one point he looked at me and asked, "Turban wearer, four letters across, third letter is K". I unfortunately
 wasn't sure of the answer, so offered him a whiskey instead, which he swiftly necked and then proceeded to finish off an Asain ladies origami duck.
Never thought about it until I saw this, but yea I don't think he's blind.
Stevie
 Wonder catching a falling microphone stand during a live performance...this video is one of the key arguments in the conspiracy theory that he is not actually blind.  - [0:10]
Holy
 shit, I am a flight dispatcher, and I dispatched that flight. I remember watching Stevie Wonder through the on plane security cameras. He got up at one point to throw something out, and noticed a button on the opposite side of the plane, behind the seats. He went to pick it up,
 and as he was walking down the hall, an Asian woman dropped an origami duck that she had been making, but had been struggling with the final steps. Stevie, stopped, picked up the unfinished origami creation, took a
 short look and quickly made the finishing folds and handed the asian woman back the origami duck. He then picked up the button from behind the seat and sat back down. the end.
Stevie
 Wonder catching a falling microphone stand during a live performance...this video is one of the key arguments in the conspiracy theory that he is not actually blind.  - [0:10]
Holy shit, I was on the same plane, only I was sitting across from Stevie Wonder. 

I never thought much about it, but Stevie was ordering directly from the menu.  Half through the flight, he looked over at me, saw that I was
 reading Nietzsche and he then commented that he owned one of the original copies of Thus Spoke Zarathustra and that it was his absolute favourite book to read aloud to school children in the inner Bronx.

Never thought about it until I saw this, but yea I don't think he's blind.
Stevie
 Wonder catching a falling microphone stand during a live performance...this video is one of the key arguments in the conspiracy theory that he is not actually blind.  - [0:10]
I
 was on a flight with Stevie Wonder once. I was in the back row isle seat of first class. He was in the 3rd row isle seat. Mid flight, he gets up - walks to the front of the plane without a cane or touching anything -- turns to the bathroom and pushes perfectly on the door. Coming back he walked right to his seat without touching anything or using a cane. Myself and the guy across the isle from me exchanged a WTF
 did Stevie Wonder just do that look... 

Granted if you fly all the time like he does you might count the steps and use whatever tricks a blind person uses since most bathrooms are in the same place. But he walked as I would, not feeling around for any clues just from A to B &amp; B to A as if he could see everything. 

Never thought about it until I saw this, but yea I don't think he's blind.
‘Core
 secrets’ exposed: NSA used undercover agents in foreign companies - To infiltrate foreign networks and gain access to sensitive systems, the NSA has deploying undercover agents in Chinese, German, South Korean and
 possibly even American companies
They’re a spy agency, of course they are going to do that. It’s their fucking job description. 

EDIT: Holy fuck I have been gilded. This is new to me, what the fuck am I going to do with this?
The Snappening - 200,000 Snapchat accounts hacked
well
 i believe when someone is wrong they should acknowledge that. in this case i was wrong you were right. despite popular belief there are still well mannered and decent people on the internet.
Christian friend tries to use Einstein to promote his views. My response.
I think that if you find a Christian who isn't using the Appeal to Authority fallacy, then you've found a future atheist.

Maybe it's confirmation bias, but take a moment to notice how many of
 their 'arguments' are just an appeal to authority.  That's the difference.  For many believers, knowledge only comes from authority. Anything else is just unsubstantiated opinion.

Sceptics call 'Shenanigans' on the whole 'Lean not on your own understanding' nonsense.
Coworker bent a heat sink into a star. We call it the Star of Gaben
https://drive.google.com/folderview?id=0Bz1HxQsERExgSFp4cEo1SVAyWXM&amp;usp=sharing In that folder there is a .png, a .psd, a .pdn, and a .svg.
Watched this go down at NY Comic-con yesterday
17 easy payments, and 1 complicated payment. W miss>you>Mitch  
Fellow
 Americans understand this: We're in a class war( corporations versus citizens ) and next month both non-participation or a vote for the G.O.P. is a vote for the American corporate agenda and against the American citizen's agenda.
Even
 if that were an accurate depiction of the Democratic Party, it doesn't change the fact that Republicans have exclusively advocated for trickle down economics and policies that exacerbate the rich-poor divide.

Which party voted to increase taxes on the rich in 2013? Democrats. Which party wants to close corporate tax loopholes? Democrats. Which party recently unanimously voted in the US Senate to NOT have corporations be considered people in our laws? Democrats.

Republicans want you to believe your vote is a Pepsi v. Coke decision so you don't bother voting and they maintain control.

There's a reason why Elizabeth Warren has traveled to Kentucky and West Virginia to support so-called "conservative" Democrats--because she
 knows if they don't get elected, it will be much harder for her to pass
 legislation regulating the big banks and Wall Street.

Stop kidding yourself and start actually paying attention.

Edit: Wow, I really wasn't expecting this to get upvoted so much or gilded. Thank you, and please everyone, let's all just vote Democratic on November 4th or by mail/early vote beforehand.
Daily WTF: This is why you should NEVER trust user input. Ever.
If you're going to try sql injection, at least read the code to make sure you're updating the right fields. ;)
Too many of these women on my FB feed these days.
Who the fuck has ever seen a dental dam in person

I got gold for this ? 
You have no idea how good this feels.
Buy the one next door. 

Over time, buy all the surrounding houses and slowly remodel them into one large, massive estate. 

Make sure you become a local hero and get the street named after you too.

Fuck it. It's a toll road now. 

Manifest destiny (I assume you're white) that shit and control the sidewalk, making the entrance to her driveway a toll road too. 

Double toll, bitch. 

Make sure you have several pools, which are always full of giggling women. Your fence is just high enough so she can't see over without getting caught sneaking a peak. 

Fucking sweet. 

You've made national headlines with your baller ass estate. Gene Simmons wants to be your friend. 

Accept that shit. 

KISS concerts 24/7. 

Fuck you, Karen. 

Your legendary status lands you among the elite. Marky Mark chills in
 the guest house. Gary Busey is lingering in the front yard. It's chill.
 Don't call the cops. 

RDJ is your bff. Use him to befriend Karen's children. Children now love you. Pay for their college and let them take your last name. 

Karen goes broke because of the double fuck toll roads. 

Morgan Freeman opens for your last KISS concert because later that night you drown in the bitches. 

"RIP! In. peace, OP." - Christopher Walken will say. 
As an older married guy, I offer this advice to those who can still be saved.
Also
 as an older married guy: Her libido is not as important as a lot of other things, like how she deals with frustration and stress, or how she
 resolves problems. Her attractiveness and her libido are both less important than her kindness or her ability to forgive, her willingness to work through issues together and her ability to provide love and affection in ways that are meaningful to you both. 

Sex doesn't always have the importance it does at the beginning of a relationship. Marriage changes the relationship dynamic. Children change
 the relationship dynamic. Not having kids in the house anymore changes the relationship dynamic. And being able to roll with those changes, while still loving one another, liking one another, and caring for one another is going to be a whole lot more important than bumping uglies in
 the long-term.

Edit: Obligatory "Thanks for the gold, stranger!" It's my first time, I feel all glowy and special now!
Friend told him she was doing an interview for a book. She lied.  - [10:01]
Want
 to talk about onions? Yesterday morning Celeste and I brought a new daughter into this world. Today is our wedding anniversary. And this afternoon a small dream we had made together ignited and became a beautiful reality for one of the most kindest and wisest men we have ever met. We are sitting here in the hospital with our precious cargo, overwhelmed by the love in all directions. Blooming onions, I don't think there is a tear left in me!

We put the Fundly campaign
 together so that people from the local community that couldn't make it could still participate and show Avi some love. We figured it'd be a modest amount, but you blew it through the roof, well past the point we had ever imagined.

I had heard about the power of the Reddit community, but wow, I am floored by the concentration of good people here. You are amazing. You understood and appreciated the importance of Avi and what he was going through. Look at what you did, as a community. Avi is a community hero, and so are you all. Anytime something negative creeped or trolled its way in, everyone handled it with kindness and grace.

When we talked the idea of shooting a documentary over with Liz
 I told her that she absolutely had to meet this man, and how I wanted to share the gift of Avi with the world, and not just the local Levittowners who had been lucky enough to meet him. She agreed and her, Kat and team, produced a beautiful film that so captures his being. I told her I wanted to broadcast Avi's love to the world, and thank you for helping him get the attention he deserves. This video also makes me cry every time. Liz says making people cry is the most of favorite part of her job. Job well done, Liz.

Avi called me just this morning to wish us congratulations on our baby. We are trying now to figure out how to deliver this good news to him and will definitely work a way to capture his response and let him reply, in his own special way. I am honored to teach him about yet another community that loves him, and tell him that #RedditLovesAvi.

--Craig 

Cash Mob For Avi

@CashMobForAvi
Awesome commercial for German hardware store Hornbach featuring a goth girl.  - [0:46]
Germans never have to pull out nails. All nails are precisely where they need to be.

Edit: Danke for the gold! It will be used efficiently.
I remember my math teacher telling me i wouldn't be able to carry a calculator with me all the time.
Me too, but the joke's on her. I carry my Ti-83 with me in my fanny pack everywhere.
US
 government surveillance is destroying the digital economy, a roundtable
 of execs from Google, Microsoft, Facebook and other tech companies tell
 Sen. Ron Wyden
Fine. We'll send out a technician. He'll be there between 8am and 5pm sometime in the next 2 to 8 weeks.

But really, government officials need to have a reality check.
Epic cinematic of war thunder "Victory is ours"  - [3:56]
Found it and uploaded here:

https://mega.co.nz/#!U1sxyYBB!n7W5NrVPTUD0IlWeZwgM_sZvPprXWFf_Rg1K4dCufkE
I made a thing!
Yeah ea the company who done pretty much everyhing
-always online drm
-close down studios
-dumb down ips
-day one dlc
-dlc in the disk
-dlc been worked before the game is even out
-microtransactions
-spyware on origin that even find your phone number and sell data to advertizers.
-has by far the worst tech support
-online passes
-forces developer to work overtime or release games before they are finished
-tell developers to make changes to the games so they get more sales from groups who are not interested on the game.

All those things are now forgiven because they gave dragon age for free so they can make you buy the dlcs.

Come on they werent voted worse company twice in a row for no reason.
No need to be rude, asshole.
Do you have a Bitcoin wallet? Create one and I'll send you $5 worth. 
Against Same Sex Marriage
We're
 Christians because everyone else is. I carry the Good Book and rise early Sunday to stand and watch the church's band worship, then feed off
 the pastor's faith and internalize it as my own until I get home and watch the game and completely forget about devoting my life to God until
 Friday.
THAT is what a modern Christian is. And we're all doing that.
So why the FUCK would I need to read the Bible if I've faked it this long? /s
After reading that ISIS wants to invade Russia.
My
 history teacher told us that every time someone is invading Russia, the
 head of the Russian government (whomever it is) goes to their snow machine in Moscow and turns the knob up to 11 (and the knob only goes to
 10).

I choose to believe this is how it works

Edit: Wow Reddit gold. I didn't think everyone would like this so much thanks!
I was just delivering a package
How can he even tell they're gay though? Does he smell the poop on their weaners or something?
It was just a simple request for beard pictures, what could go wrong?
I tried my best and did not receive gold.
Joe
 Dirt sequel to hit in 2015. Spade: "I've been sleeping in this wig for years and it will be nice to wear it in the daytime again."
I tell myself this every night but then when I wake up there's still that damn poster of him over my bed
Barber skills: level 99  - [4:29]
Spending my Friday night watching a man cut his own hair. Not really how I planned life going but not the worst possibility
Your
 shadow is a confirmation that light has traveled nearly 93 million miles unobstructed, only to be deprived of reaching the ground in the final few feet thanks to you.
The Hopeful Photon said "Hello!"
"My friends, the grass, are there, you know!"
You turned to it, said "Well, you see,"
"I'd hoped that you'd be friends with me!"

And so without a single sound
Your shadow was cast on the ground
Our story ends with this new dawn
And with your new friend, the photon
I hope Bro Cat becomes a thing
Bro cat?

Shouldn't he be Good Guy Gato?
Edward
 Snowden: "You're not patriotic, just because you back whoever is in power today. You're not patriotic because you back their policies. You're patriotic when you work to improve the lives of the people in your country, in your community, in your family, those around you."
Holy fuck the  propaganda shills are strong in this thread.

Snowden is a fucking hero...
Edward
 Snowden: "You're not patriotic, just because you back whoever is in power today. You're not patriotic because you back their policies. You're patriotic when you work to improve the lives of the people in your country, in your community, in your family, those around you."
Edward "TIL" Snowden:
 I drive my Tesla to the polling booth, but instead of voting I kick a feminist in the teeth (equal rights equal lefts amirite) and then I open
 a Steam account. I proceed to download PC Games because consoles are for peasants. Then I head to college instead (I do Computer Science, ever heard of it?). Thanks for the coffee, artist.

Just tried to leave my Comcast Comtract....but they bulldozed my house. Le Sad Face. :( Literally EA.

Tried to do some acting but they only now want nerd-blackface like big bang theory. My bazinga when.

Tried to listen to music, but it's all dusky-person-music now. Who the feck is ms and ms?

Such is life in reddit hell.

PS: It isn't sweeden.
President Obama wants the FCC to abandon plans for tiered 'net neutrality'
Trail of Tiers?

... I'll show myself out
President Obama wants the FCC to abandon plans for tiered 'net neutrality'
http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/the-switch/wp/2014/01/15/heres-how-net-neutrality-can-still-survive/
New Class: Man's Best Friend 101
Remember, the vacuum cleaner is just as afraid of you as you are of it.

Edit: Thanks for the gold.
The Netherlands everyone... [x-post /r/thenetherlands/  - [2:20]
Oh man... so beautiful the way Netherlands accept and embrace British people.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Edit: Wow! Thank you for the gold, kind British redditor! Your gentlemanliness and good spirit is only compared to your orchestral skills! :-) 

By the way, my first gold was gifted on my birthday! 
Nigerian hoax 'drink lots of salt water to avoid ebola' Results in Two Deaths
Well, they didn't get ebola at least.

Edit: Thanks for the gold!
Reddit plans to start charging people for submitting links to their own sites.
You never go full Digg v4.
Friend told him she was doing an interview for a book. She lied.  - [10:01]
There's a man who knew what he wanted out of life and got it.

We tend to make things too complicated these days.  Our idea of what life is supposed to be like isn't what it used to be.  We forget that our ancestors were mostly like Avi... people just looking for a place to
 call their own where they could live in peace.  Most American kids today would recoil at the idea of working 12-hour days in a convenience store for a week, let alone the rest of their lives.  Yet most of them will never be nearly as happy or fulfilled as this guy.

There's nothing wrong with dreaming big.  There's nothing wrong with being rich or wanting to be rich.  But you can't forget that all the money, nice shit, and "status" in the world won't make you happy.  It won't.

Great vid.
Republicans
 flail about looking for alternative to climate denialism- to people outside the bubble, “climate change is a hoax” has started to look like a
 crazy conspiracy theory.

Most Republicans don't deny that man-made CO2 contributes to climate change.


Really?

"Carbon dioxide is not a harmful gas"   -- Michelle Bachmann

"I don't believe ... global warming is real."   -- Herman Cain

"Bogus claims about climate dangers should not be used as a justification to further limit the American people's freedom."   -- Ron Paul

"I think there are a substantial number of scientists who have manipulated data so that they will have dollars rolling in to their projects."   -- Rick Perry

"I believe the earth gets warmer and I also believe the earth gets cooler. And I think history points out that it does that and that the idea that man, through the production of CO2 — which is a trace gas in the atmosphere, and the man-made part of that trace gas is itself a trace gas — is somehow responsible for climate change is, I think, just patently absurd..." -- Rick Santorum

"...these global warming studies that now we're seeing (is) a bunch of snake oil science."  -- Sarah Palin

"Well actually the Genesis 8:22 that I use in there is that “as long as the earth remains there will be springtime and harvest, cold and heat, winter and summer, day and night.” My point is, God’s still up there. The arrogance of people to think that we, human beings, would be able to change what He is doing in the climate is to me outrageous." -- James Inhofe

"I don’t agree with the notion that some are putting out there, including scientists, that somehow there are actions we can take today that would actually have an impact on what’s happening in our climate" -- Marco Rubio

"You know, you always have to be worried about something that is considered a so-called scientific theory that fits every scenario. Climate change, as they have defined it, can never be disproved, because
 whether it gets hotter or whether it gets colder, whatever happens, they'll say, well, it's changing, so it proves our theory."  -- Ted Cruz

"[climate scientists are using] statistical tricks to distort their findings and intentionally mislead the public on the issue of climate change.”  -- Paul Ryan

"When I was in college, all the literature at that time from the scientific community said that we were going to freeze to death."  -- Mike Huckabee

"I don't buy that climate is changing. In 1970s we were all concerned about the ice age coming."   -- Mitch McConnell
President Obama wants the FCC to abandon plans for tiered 'net neutrality'

But what I've been clear about, what the White House has been clear about, is that we expect that whatever final rules to emerge, to make sure that we're not creating two or three or four tiers of Internet.


It's five tiers then people.
Look who's still going strong in the race! [0:17]
"I can't believe that goddamn tortoise knows how to drive"
President Obama wants the FCC to abandon plans for tiered 'net neutrality'
HER DER.

Can we have an actual intellectual discussion about what he says instead of upvoting the first jackass to make the obvious joke to the top?
He was so proud of himself. [NSFW]
Big up from MML! Begging for gold in shameless fashion.
Girl is trying too hard to take the best selfie
The anus shot's the reason to get her number and name.

Edit: Thanks for for gold...in the process of putting this on my resume now.
I
 have a friend who insisted on being treated like one of they guys in our group of friends. I don't think she realizes how we actually treat each other...
So ignore her?
If all religious people could just grasp this ONE concept....

no amount of science that shows how love is just a matter of chemicals in the brain will change that.


I never understood why reductionism must lead to devaluation. If you take out the word "just" in your sentence, then love is in fact an emotional state involving chemicals in the brain. What is wrong with that? Why would that make love less than if it were immaterial? One person is important enough to me to literally alter part of my body, my brain. They become a part of me, not just figuratively but literally a part of my brain. Part of me, is now altered, perhaps forever, by this person. A significant part of my brain is now devoted to this person. If
 they die, this part goes on inside me.

I think that's just as beautiful as any other attempt to explain love.

Edit: thanks for the gold!
The
 new Tesla P85D is AWD and goes 0-60 in 3.2. Perspective: As fast as a McLaran F1 and faster than a Lamborghini Murciélago LP640.
Yeah, pretty sure it'll have those too.
Obama: I want the FCC to ban paid Internet fast lanes | Ars Technica
you might enjoy

Obama will veto the National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA) bill that the House of Representatives is debating and voting on this week, if it includes a new law for worldwide war without end

http://www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/hje4q/obama_will_veto_the_national_defense/

Obama Signs NDAA with Signing Statement

http://www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/nxu96/obama_signs_ndaa_with_signing_statement/



Obama names intel picks, vows no torture

http://www.nbcnews.com/id/28574408/ns/politics-white_house/t/obama-names-intel-picks-vows-no-torture/

Obama: 'We tortured some folks'

http://www.usatoday.com/story/news/2014/08/01/obama-news-conference-budget-israel-palestine-russia-ukraine/13470133/



Obama: 'Nobody Is Listening to Your Telephone Calls'

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-isKhdB9jYo

President Barack Obama on Tonight show with Jay Leno (Part 1/3) - August 6, 2013

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jOW0Z2Czgzk&amp;t=6m46s



Obama-We're the Most Transparent and Ethical Administration in U.S. History! 

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OXWTdTnhebs

White House: No more drone killings information will be released

http://dailycaller.com/2013/02/07/white-house-no-more-information-about-drone-killings-will-be-released-to-public/?onswipe_redirect=no

Hope and Change: Obama eliminates transparency czar

http://hotair.com/archives/2010/08/13/hope-and-change-obama-eliminates-

Ironic? Transparency board meeting behind closed doors

http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/federal-eye/post/ironic-transparency-board-meeting-behind-closed-doors/2011/11/17/gIQAYKinUN_blog.html



36 Times Obama Said You Could Keep Your Health Care Plan

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qpa-5JdCnmo

Obama admin. knew millions could not keep their health insurance

http://investigations.nbcnews.com/_news/2013/10/28/21213547-obama-admin-knew-millions-could-not-keep-their-health-insurance?lite



President Obama is poised to nominate Tom Wheeler, a venture capitalist and “former top lobbyist for the cable and wireless industries” to serve as chairman of the FCC.

http://www.reddit.com/r/technology/comments/1dfspx/president_obama_is_poised_to_nominate_tom_wheeler/
Saying "Ebola" on a plane is the new equivalent to saying "bomb"
"If
 I didn't have ebola I probably wouldn't be carrying this stupid bomb.",
 I mumbled to myself on my way to the plane's bathroom for a smoke.
I got cut off by a car covered in anti-abortion bumper stickers careening in and out of traffic.
They're not pro-life, they're anti-abortion. 

The generalize, most of them don't give a shit about life. If they did, they'd be protesting war and politicians the same way they terrify scared young women.
4 ISIS militants were poisoned after drinking tea offered to them by a local resident.
Another
 story is the one where Jesus says that if you repay your enemies with kindness it will be like heaping hot coals on their head. 

So many times in church when I was younger, preachers would use this story as a lesson on how if you're nice to those who are mean to you, it
 actually hurts them worse because it makes them feel bad about what they've done. But then I heard a preacher who, you know, ACTUALLY understood traditional Middle Eastern culture and said that this parable
 more than likely refers to the fact that when a guest left somebody's home, they were sent away with a pot full of hot coals. This would help them to start a cooking fire and also keep them warm if they were travelling and had to sleep out in the open overnight. 

So Jesus was basically saying you should treat the haters the same way you would treat a treasured guest.
Guy plays techno music ON PVC PIPES watch it all it's all worth it!  - [10:06]
I
 work in a PVC pipe factory. Parts of the manufacturing process include actions that produce sounds like this on a regular basis. At times one machine produces a rhythm and then the operators of another one further away try and co-ordinate theirs to this one. When it works, the whole factory breaks out in dance.

I do not work in a PVC pipe factory.
I am bored.

THE END

EDIT: FUCK, FUCKIDY FUCK - (Why? Because that's what you can do when your comment is top).

EDIT 2: WILLY BUM BUM, WILLY WILLY BUM BUM - (Why? Because I am getting even more upvotes for rudie words).
Who are some actors that have fell off the face of the earth?
He's still acting.  You just can't see him due to the new equipment having true black displays. 
Well it worked...
My
 grandma walked in on me having sex with my girlfriend. She just strolled in, put laundry in my closet and strolled out. She didn't look at us directly. We never talked about it after the fact. She just gave zero fucks. 

THEN, some weeks/months later, I had a friend over to play some smash
 bros, and grandma knocked on the door. I shouted, "DON'T COME IN! WE'RE
 MASTURBATING!" Without skipping a beat, she hollers, "THEN COVER UP!" and walks in. Again, zero fucks given. 

I miss my grandma... . . .

Edit - Ugh. My highest comment is now about my sweet, old grandma giving no fucks that I was fucking.

Edit 2 - Wowie!! My first Gilded Comment!!! Tyvm!!!
The
 new Tesla P85D is AWD and goes 0-60 in 3.2. Perspective: As fast as a McLaran F1 and faster than a Lamborghini Murciélago LP640.
How do I know it's not going around the back shed with all the other bad Teslas and doing burn-outs?
4 ISIS militants were poisoned after drinking tea offered to them by a local resident.
That's
 actually huge. As a US soldier in Iraq (in Diyala no less) we never feared being poisoned when an Iraqi offered tea, coffee, or food because
 it is a huge taboo in Arab culture to do so. It's telling how bad ISIS is seen.
The new Tesla Model S with dual drive, 0-60 in 3.2 seconds and autopilot system  - [1:38]
That
 would be fine by me. Not much danger in letting the car park itself. I am a bit concerned with the autopilot thing. The roads around where I live don't always have lines so I can't imagine counting on that. I drive quite a bit and really want this technology to happen but many places I go still don't have cell service. sigh

Edit: a poem by Robot Frost
I shall be telling this with a sigh
Somewhere ages and ages hence:
Two roads calculated on my daily commute, and I—
I selected the recommended route by,
And that has made all the difference.
Noah's Ark Theme Park Loses $18M In Tax Breaks Unless They Hire Atheists
So
 Ham is spending $170 million dollars for a modern construction crew to build an "Ark" which will take a three years to complete so they can prove one 800 year old man and two 400 year old sons did it in one year.
  
Man sneezes on a plane and jokingly yells "Sorry, I came from Africa". This is the aftermath.  - [8:04]
I'm
 with you man, I use to take photos of everything that caught my eye, I wanted to document my experiences in life, and be able to look back on them and cherish them. Then I met my girlfriend, and I took photos on our adventures and experiences, but over time I have pretty much stopped, I bring my DSLR on our adventures still, but i don't spend nearly as much time or any time at all as I use to. My gf wondered if I didn't like her as much as the people in my past because I use to take so many photos with them compared to her. But what changed for me was that I stopped caring on getting that awesome amazing cool shot and just
 wanted to spend as much time as I could with her because I really just enjoyed her company and would rather cherish the time or the scenery with her in my arms than though the eye piece of a camera.
4 ISIS militants were poisoned after drinking tea offered to them by a local resident.
Well, there's in-laws.
Tomorrowland trailer, from the director of The Iron Giant and The Incredibles.  - [2:13]
Yes George, I do want to go. 
Controversial Cold Fusion Reactor Seems To Work According To Third Party Researchers.
There
 is a a lot of uninformed skepticism in these comments. Worse, there are
 a lot of uninformed posts calling this a scam. Yes I know this is Reddit but it's important to keep an open mind because this is the nature of how scientific discoveries happen. 

This is a scientific paper by mostly retired scientists evaluating a so called Low Energy Nuclear Reaction (LENR) device called the E-Cat, short for Energy Catalyzer. This device is fuel based: the fuel being a Nickle/Hydrogen mixture plus some other elements acting as a catalyst in
 conjunction with a thermal and/or electromagnetic stimulus. This device
 was originally invented by an Italian/American engineer/entrepreneur Andrea Rossi but which is now under the control of an American company called Industrial Heat, LLC which was set up by an investment firm called Cherokee Investments. Industrial Heat now owns the intellectual property rights to the E-Cat and is now developing this device for commercial use. This is a private company trying to protect its intellectual property rights and develop this potential new energy source. One theory is that they need this paper to secure their patent(s).

The paper describes the results of a long term test (32 days) of the device and reports anomalous energy beyond known chemical sources and also evidence of nuclear transmutations which would be consistent with the possible underlying nuclear reaction. This paper documents the large
 amount of energy produced and nuclear transmutations but does not advance a theory.

The paper is contentious from a scientific point of view because a) there is no accepted theory to explain the nuclear reaction especially in the absence of expected radiation products like high energy neutrons b) this is a bit of a black box test--not all elements of the device are
 available for analysis c) this test is not generally repeatable by anyone as it relies on the proprietary E-Cat device d) it has not (yet) been published in a respected peer reviewed scientific journal. 

There is a lot criticism regarding claims of scams such as hidden wires and slight of hand switching of fuels. People, these are highly regarded scientists who know what they are doing. Moreover this test is an improved  repeat of the same (shorter) test a year ago. While they certainly can make mistakes or be fooled their efforts certainly merit more respect than some of the jokers here who probably barely passed HS introductory physical science class. This is science paper and should be
 evaluated as such. 

TL;DR: STFU if you don't know what you are talking about. 

Edit: Thanks for the gold, kind stranger! 
How I felt when someone's comment got gold off of my parent comment
Just wait until someone gets gold from this post
The
 University of Phoenix got $3.7 billion from taxpayers in one year. University of Phoenix’s parent company has been the chairman of the House Committee on the Education and the Workforce largest campaign contributor.
Here's another shocker


The school’s overall graduation rate is under 15 percent.


It makes me upset that I keep hearing about cuts to community colleges, while the money continues to flow to these for profit organizations.
From A Developer's Perspective to Ubisoft
Thank you to whoever gave me gold! It's my first time receiving gold on Reddit.
Your
 shadow is a confirmation that light has traveled nearly 93 million miles unobstructed, only to be deprived of reaching the ground in the final few feet thanks to you.
Thanks!

I just wanted to show it's true
The one to blame for this is you
With every ray you don't allow
The world's a little darker now
So my friend proposed to his girlfriend of 2 years. She said this, followed by a "Sure.. I guess.."
Please OP, this man needs you now, more than ever
DO NOT buy FFXIII on Steam. It is the laziest port I've ever seen. Vote with your wallet!
Its
 10 fucking pounds..... For a person such as myself who wants all the FF
 games on 1 console. This is a godsend for me. I don't care about resolution, as long as its playable.
I did
Do
 you happen to go to flowery branch high school? And were you in the bathroom by the weightlifting room? Because if so then your mystery mans
 name is Austin. Edit:   Obligatory thank you for the gold!
I don't understand why people do this.
Im sure some nice schmuck will gild you 
Man sneezes on a plane and jokingly yells "Sorry, I came from Africa". This is the aftermath.  - [8:04]
9/11 would pun.

Edit: thank you kind stranger for taking my gold virginity. I've always wanted to say that.
Your
 shadow is a confirmation that light has traveled nearly 93 million miles unobstructed, only to be deprived of reaching the ground in the final few feet thanks to you.
Someone should write a children's book entitled "The Hopeful Photon."

Just off the top of my head:

The sun opened her caring eyes
Ready to light up morning skies
She gazed down lovingly at Earth
Preparing to spread warmth and mirth

"I need a photon," said the sun
"To make it known the day's begun"
Then with a voice so full of glee
The Hopeful Photon said "Pick me!"

"I am a particle of light!"
"I know that I can do it right!"
"I'll head to the Earth right away!"
"I'll help to brighten up their day!"

The sun blinked and then she smiled
So proud of her hopeful child
She nodded once and off it flew
The photon, heading for the blue

It journeyed through the cold and dark
Never losing its bright spark
Eight minutes there in outer space
Before it came to see your face

The Hopeful Photon said "Hello!"
"My friends, the grass, are there, you know!"
But you stayed silent, didn't care
And the photon's life just ended there

It was absorbed without a sound
A shadow was cast on the ground
And this is where the story ends
You kept the photon from its friends

Jerk.
Man sneezes on a plane and jokingly yells "Sorry, I came from Africa". This is the aftermath.  - [8:04]
It will be if they take off
When
 a napkin is dipped in water, where does the energy come from that allows the water to travel up the napkin, against gravity?
Whoa nelly, there is a lot of crazy semi-science going on here, I'll try to get at the heart of the problem:

Capillary action in this case is due to the high porosity of cellulose based materials (like napkins). Water has very favorable interactions with cellulose due to hydrogen bonding and wants to adhere to it. Upon contact, a concentration gradient is established, and water is drawn up into the napkin until it reaches an equilibrium state where the napkin has no more free "spots" for water to interact. The reason water goes against gravity is that the favorable interactions between water and cellulose WAY overcome gravity.

Now where does the energy for this come from. The answer is (as always) derived from gibbs free energy i.e. entropy and enthalpy. The act of water swelling cellulose is actually exothermic(gives off heat), as are most spontaneous processes, so this system doesn't need heat input to work. So water swelling cellulose is favorable because it gives a negative gibbs free energy value. As the reaction is occurring, our trade off is that we lose entropy due to the organization that occurs when water is interacting with cellulose. The lost entropy is accounted for by giving off heat. When we combine our enthalpy of reaction and entropy value, we get a negative number, which in our universe denotes a favorable process.

At the nanoscale here is what is happening: A water molecule with some amount of kinetic energy (which is really the same as temperature) enters a cellulose pore and forms part of a solvent cage around a single cellulose monomer. Since it is interacting with a cellulose monomer, it is no longer as free to move around, and must shed
 energy, which probably happens by slamming into another molecule. This happens 1 really big number times, and the net effect is that the temperature of the non-interacting water molecules increases.

Edit: I feel obliged to correct my explanation of the thermodynamics of this system. The energy for the napkin to be wetted is derived from the favorable interaction of cellulose with water, as opposed to less favorable interaction of cellulose with air. This actually ends up increasing the entropy of the system, since the surface of cellulose now
 has many more states it can sample as water molecules interact with it.
 Entropy can increase without heat input. The heat emitted is due to to the fact that we are breaking water-water interactions and replacing them with less favorable water-cellulose interactions. The difference in
 energy between the two interactions is released as heat. This replacement is driven by the fact that increasing entropy is always favorable in a system.
Man sneezes on a plane and jokingly yells "Sorry, I came from Africa". This is the aftermath.  - [8:04]
Sneezing can spread ebola as it contains saliva and other bodily fluids. 

However it's pretty pointless to only take him off the flight to get checked out (if that's what they were doing).  My wife is an epidemiologist for a hospital and has told me that sneezing can spread ebola to people within a 6 foot radius of the infected.  Obviously it's not a certainty but that is the area of possible infection.

However, if he was infected he would have been sweating and that sweat would be all over the seat.  Anyone touching the seat or the next person to sit in that seat would then also have a chance of being infected. 

EDIT:  After a couple of comments and DM's from pretty rude people calling me a 'cunt' I would like to point out your chances of getting infected are very very small. And even if you were infected or in contact with someone who is infected the US does have the facilities to treat you properly.  I have never said you are likely to get it or implied it was easy to become infected.  Please notice I used words like
 'possible' about being infected and then went on to say it obviously is
 not a certainty.
Man sneezes on a plane and jokingly yells "Sorry, I came from Africa". This is the aftermath.  - [8:04]
And the disease isn't even airborne.

EDIT: a fuck ton of people are getting upset saying that if they sneeze etc, then it is airborne. Sneezing/coughing is droplet infection (bodily fluid) and strictly close proximity whereas airborne diseases allow the pathogen to travel on dust particles for example, and to travel greater distances.
Man sneezes on a plane and jokingly yells "Sorry, I came from Africa". This is the aftermath.  - [8:04]
Shhh, don't let Oprah hear you!
Man sneezes on a plane and jokingly yells "Sorry, I came from Africa". This is the aftermath.  - [8:04]
Warning:  Video has no pay off.  Don't waste your time like I did.
If you liked CnC Renegade (FPS based on Command and Conquer) check out the new release of RenegadeX
As
 someone who worked on the original game back in my Westwood Studios days, I find it rather humbling that our first and only foray into the FPS world has endured and inspired this level of fan work. The RenegadeX
 team is doing amazing work.

EDIT: Thank you for the gold, friend!
Man sneezes on a plane and jokingly yells "Sorry, I came from Africa". This is the aftermath.  - [8:04]
That's
 just what a society dominated by fear looks like. Doesn't matter if it's terrorism or a scary virus. People are constantly on edge, ready to
 flip their shit any time.
Man sneezes on a plane and jokingly yells "Sorry, I came from Africa". This is the aftermath.  - [8:04]
God bless you planes down in Africa...
My grandfather sent out an email that made me furious.
Email him back saying,

fuq u granpoo

The fuck, gold?  I feel like the comment responding to mine is more deserving. 
Apparently no one told this guy that bass isn't supposed to be a lead instrument  - [5:03]
No one ever told jerry that he shouldn't be a race car driver either.

That fucker drove so god damned fast, he never managed to win any checkered flags but then again he never did come in last.
As an American trying to explain the gun problem to Europeans
Thats a European thing
North Korea threatens war over Seth Rogen movie.
Best marketing campaign ever
Nice job Egypt
No, it was me who gave OP gold.
South Park Rips On Music Production
Or maybe he gets killed all the time, but we just can't remember it due to his power.
When
 a napkin is dipped in water, where does the energy come from that allows the water to travel up the napkin, against gravity?
OK
 people, per someone else's request, I am pasting an answer I already gave, if you are worried about "Karma whoring" then just down vote my other comment.  You can find it here...

Regarding where the energy comes from..

From this water's perspective, we can consider this a free energy process, so that we need to think about ethalpic and entropic contributions to the free energy.

From the outside perspective, we need to account for the change in gravitational potential energy.

At equilibrium, the free energy for further capillary action must be zero (by definition).

So, where does the energy come from, from the water's perspective? We
 can try to reason this out.
We know that water structure at interfaces is greater than in solution. Thus, it cannot be entropic. Indeed, we are going to pay an entropic price for the capillary action.

Thus, we know that the origin must be enthalpic in nature -- and we must only consider this sort of explanation.

From an enthalpic perspective, what is happening is that the water has a stronger interaction with the "walls" of the pores within the napkin. That is, the attractive force between the water and the cellulose in the napkin is greater than between the water and itself.

On a water-by-water molecule basis, each water molecule would "prefer" to be close to the cellulose than close to another water.
Why?

It comes down to electrostatics (again, note we are dealing with enthalpic considerations, which is our clue here). The electrostatic interaction between the walls of the napkin and water is greater than the interaction between water molecules.

From an energy perspective, then, we know as the molecules of water move closer to the cellulose, it will give off energy, in the form of enthalpy.

This is where the energy comes from -- decreasing the distance that separates two opposite charges. In this case, it is actually dipoles, but the end result is the same. We wish to decrease the distance between
 the heads and tails of two dipoles -- doing so will decrease the energy
 of the system.

Now, the way this is done is to maximize the area that the water "sees" of the napkin, and the only way this can be done is by "spreading
 out" over the napkin.

In the example provided by OP, this will happen by going "up" the napkin, to the point where the increase in column height of the water is
 equal to the free energy change that was experienced by the column of water, with respect to the interaction between water and cellulose.

That is the energy perspective.

Edit: Obligatory thank you to the random stranger who was kind enough
 to buy me gold.  You are a gentleman (or lady) and a scholar (since you
 read this?)
Remember the guys that climbed the tower in Shanghai? They've struck again, but with a twist.  - [4:16]
oh hey sweaty palms
If
 you Photoshop the basketball out of NBA action shot photographs, it just looks like a bunch of people in uniforms trying to high five but can't quite get it right.
Here you go.  http://imgur.com/a/tgrNW

Edit:  damn, this kind of blew up.  It's nice to see that my years of Photoshop practice finally has purpose.
Extremely Well Trained Dog  - [0:56]
holy shit I think I found his YouTube channel
Well... didn't expect this...
http://textfac.es/

Edit: Did not expect my first reddit gold to come from my Twitch chat experience. Thanks!
Saw this on my feed today. I don't care if you believe in organized religion or not, don't fucking do this.
I'm
 an atheist and i don't hate God. I like the general concept of God and wish i could believe in God because it would be far less scary, to me. 

This is why i never argue pro atheism. I understand belief and why people do it. 
Cuddle time
We taller guys like to feel secure too!
"Just
 under a quarter of Boston’s population is black, but black residents are 63 percent of those stopped-and-frisked by the Boston Police Department, according to a new report published today by the Massachusetts chapter of the American Civil Liberties Union."
Advocacy
 research at it's finest. What percentage of Boston Area Crime is commited by black people? What percentage of wanted criminals are black?
 What percentage of those stops are in high crime rate areas? what is the percentage of the population in those areas are black? 


Of the 200,000 encounters, only 2.5 percent resulted in the seizure of contraband.


See how they are narrowly defining success of the  project as ONLY contraband seizure? They are doing this to avoid the discussion about a 10% capture rate of criminals. For perspective this is about 3.3X more effective than the spam that lands in your mail box (spam not email marketing) 


where analysis of random street stops found not only that the stops disproportionately targeted minorities but also yielded relatively few arrests.


Again narrowly framing success. Not all criminality deserves an on the spot arrest in many cases a requirement to appear in court is sufficient.
‘Maze Runner’ series won’t split final book into two movies
They won't split it into 2, they'll split it into 3.
‘Maze Runner’ series won’t split final book into two movies
They'll split it in 3.

... Wow gold? thank you! What do i do now? Can i put the gold in my teeth? This never happened to me. 
Australian
 Federal Police (AFP) will now be allowed to secretly search a terrorism
 suspect's house, enter through an innocent neighbour’s property and impersonate people, under the government’s anti-terror bill
So in other words, terrorism has officially won in Australia. 
Post-it note 8bit Link at an office in San Francisco
The
 primary reasons were for performance as well as keeping costs down. The
 performance possible by, say, an NES is barely possible from a PC of the time frame; if at all, and the NES cost significantly less. In order
 to make that work, the hardware basically has to be specially designed for running games.

Most game hardware supports "sprites" (as mentioned) thing is, PCs of
 the time (and even now) do not have a hardware concept of sprites- games that use "sprites" had to manage them using their own software-based engine. Typically graphics cards supported only a few 'pages' that is, two framebuffers. You could flip between them but that was it- everything else was the game writing bitmap data to the framebuffer.

The best way to think of it is that early consoles basically used "hardware acceleration" for those capabilities- rather than requiring software in every video game's EEPROM (or say a ROM in the game) to support sprites or palettes or other such things, the capabilities for these drawing features were built into a PPU graphics chip. So the NES system itself manages sprites. Due to the technology of the time, the costs involved, and any number of other factors, they ended up with a design where the PPU had certain limitations, including only using 2 bits for the colour data per sprite, among other limitations. I'll touch
 on why that likely is in a moment.

In terms of actual representation, it's worth noting that unlike say a
 computer display, every pixel on the television screen is not represented via say a bitmap; instead, the in-memory components name tables, sprites, etc are processed in a certain way by the PPU and output directly, rather than stored in any way. Effectively a game loads
 up the nametable with bitmaps using colour indices; those are used for drawing the tile-based background using a selected palette. Additionally, the output was typically via a YUV encoding or using YPbPr
 encoding and then converted to analog for say the composite out. This was used for colour reproduction and and the palette chosen was selected
 based on these settings; the full palette is 64 colours, but 9 are duplicates, one is out of NTSC's capabilities to reproduce, and a bunch of the grays are the same or very similar as well. These limitations are
 a result of designing the chip a certain way, again, likely performance
 or price trade-offs.

The limitations of the system were almost certainly a result of making it both affordable and powerful enough for the intended purposes.
 This is typically the case for any console. Consoles of those earlier eras basically had these sorts of limitations (like sprite limits) to keep the costs of these PPU chips down. Remember this was a time before even PCs had any form of hardware acceleration- at the time of the release of an NES, PCs many times the price weren't able to play games as effectively as the NES, so in the context of the day, those limitations weren't really "limitations" since they were still pretty advanced capabilities. Most PCs weren't capable of the same display colour depths and resolutions as the NES at the time; the VGA for example could show 640x480, but it could only display 16-colours, and in
 the secret Mode X and Mode 13h, it could show up to 256 simultaneous colours, however, it could only do so using up to 320x240 resolution. Additionally, each pixel was basically mapped via a linear frame buffer in graphics modes- so that 320x240x256 colour image displayed on a VGA monitor  used 76800 bytes of Video memory. The VGA came stock with something like 128KB, with most later models having 256K to allow the 256 color mode to page-flip.

So, a VGA had 256KB of memory, which allowed reasonable performance, linear-frame buffer support at a lower resolution than the NES.

The NES had 2KB of Video memory. This was used for name tables. A name table is effectively a "pattern". unlike say the VGA, the NES didn't work by directly addressing each pixel. Instead, the game ROM would plonk in name tables, and then sprites and background objects would be drawn on-screen via the name table. For example, Super Mario Brothers 3 has different "Object sets"; essentially, these object sets change the name table used to draw things on-screen. For example, fortresses/castles have one name table. Inside this name table we can see pieces of things such as thwomps. in the "Plains" name table we can see things like koopa's that we would expect. With level editors, you can say change one of the goomba's near the start of the first level into a thwomp or even a Koopa kid. The sprites are basically constructed
 like puzzles from parts of the loaded name table, so what happens  is that the sprites for the thwomp and Koopa kid are completely screwy because those "puzzle pieces" match up to arbitrary other things. 

That said- a picture is worth a thousand words. In order to demonstrate, I changed the paratroopa in the first level of Mario 3 to a
 Koopa kid. Everything seems fine, until the game loads up the Koopa kid. when SMB3 "loads" an enemy in, it will change the nametable:

http://i.imgur.com/IgtrwDb.png

(Also possibly notable: the Koopa Kid uses transparent for his outline, since the background on the airship battle room is pure black)

The goomba's in this image have been turned into pieces of the flame enemy found in airship levels. This is because the Koopa Kid is part of the Object set for airships, so loading in the koopa kid loads in nametable data for airships. (Of note: there are two nametables; in this
 case, SMB3 uses one for the background (ground, bushes, etc) and one for enemies- it is the enemies nametable that is getting screwed with here). Now, if I lure my new friend to the left we'll "load" the red koopa troopa. The Koopa kid looks fine, but then he shoots whatever the hell this is:

http://i.imgur.com/IgtrwDb.png

What has happened here is that the sprites for the Koopa kid's magical spaghetti O attack have been replaced by the Red koopa troopa loading. 

What is happening in these two instances is the PPU is being told basically "OK, we have these sprites here- you can use these parts of the name table to draw them" in the first case, those particular parts of the name table for drawing goomba's are changed so that they are pieces of fire- the PPU doesn't care though- it does what it is told. In
 the second case, of course- it's the same. When the Koopa kid loaded, it loaded in the wand attack sprite. However, when I moved to the left, it loaded the name table data for the Koopa's sprites. These replaces the wand attack sprites, so when the Koopa kid tried to throw spaghetti O's at me, they ended up being drawn as pieces of koopa shell.

Now, with this information we can make a prediction- if we, rather than bringing the koopa kid to the koopa troopa, instead carry the koopa
 shell to the koopa kid, the shell will become part of the Koopa-kids attack thing. This is exactly what happens.

So we see, in this case- the NES manages to get by with very little memory- and saving costs- by designing the graphics hardware specifically for games. Two koopa troopas are "drawn" using the same data in the name table, for example, and it is done quickly (relatively speaking). Now one of the trade offs- presumably- is that in order for the PPU to do this job effectively and with minimum memory usage, those name tables have to be 2 bpp. the Sprites themselves basically store position as well as information on the nametable location. This allowed the NES console to be cheaper than the aforementioned VGA Graphics adapters, which typically marketed for $500 or more in the same time frame, while at the same time having better performance at the task of playing games.
Human physiology teacher unwittingly creates proof of how stressed (his) students are
Senior
 in college and this semester has actually caused me to develop physical
 and mental health problems. Because of stress I now have panic attacks where I used to always be of a sane mind before. The doctor tells me my blood pressure is 150/90 when it was 108/70 only a month before starting
 classes. 

I try to run still because I know I need it but I'm showing symptoms of depression and my motivation is completely gone. I remember the exact
 assignment that put me over the edge and I have not been my old self since. 

This is the system we live in. 
Queensland
 nurse hospitalised after showing symptoms of Ebola --Sue Ellen Novack, who has been working in Sierra Leone with Ebola victims, returned to Australia on Tuesday and this morning reported a low grade fever.
Well they do...

They vanish if you're not.
This guy where I work, he honestly does not see the hypocrisy
Eh,
 I play both, and while that guys is definitely an asshole for making fun of you enjoying your hobby, the two are not really comparable. The entire embodiment of DnD is losing yourself in the game; becoming your character, feeling the gravity of dangerous situations, fighting against
 mortal enemies in combat... While incredibly fun and entertaining, the entirety of the game is fiction.

While 'Fantasy' football is mainly based in reality. Real players, playing a real sport, usually for real amounts of money. No one actively
 tries to Roleplay as the coach of a team, psyching them up for a game; you just kind of set your lineup and pray that Eddie Lacy continues to not be such a piece of human filth and run the ball like a man, that you
 won't have to sit him for god damned Pierre Thomas who decides to show up once every 3 weeks for a 30 point game... Rrrrrraaaaaggggggh!!!!!

Anyway, I digress. My suggestion is just to ignore this douche who likes to tell people how to spend their free time.

Edit: Wow! Whoever gave me gold, thanks so much! You guys rock.
Human physiology teacher unwittingly creates proof of how stressed (his) students are
Reading
 that made me really sad. As a senior in college in the last half of the
 last semester of my bachelors degree I'm losing my mind with how stressed I am. Financial stress, relationship stress, getting my portfolio prepared, checking off of the check boxes needed to even graduate in the first place and then finding the actual time to do the school work i'm required to do.

I didn't even realize how much i'm blowing myself up here. I hardly ever eat a real meal, it's mostly fast food because I can't justify cooking over working on one of the above or sleeping. I used to love running, don't have the time for that or i'm too tired. I post a lot on reddit, it's really my release from the stress but it's almost always on
 my way to another one of my daily obligations from my phone.

But then, after all this, i'm still afraid I won't be employed long-term in my field of study. 

I know it's a rant here and a lot of us all feel the same stress but at times I just wish I didn't care as much as I do; i'd probably be happier.
In my defense, it was an 8AM class. I am stupid as fuck at 8AM.
FORNICATE HER DIRECTLY IN THE VAGINAL CAVITY.
I'm sorry Katie.
That just made it creepy.  Like a serial killer that joins the search party.
Worst night of my life
Don't really like that word... Prefer singular same sex attraction. - Luke from Archer
It's a weight I've carried for 20 years
the
 opposite happened to me: in fifth grade i wrote a christmas poem and turned it in to my english teacher. my mom read it and thought it was great and sent it in to some magazine around the same time and they published it as anonymous shortly after. my english teacher then read it
 in the magazine and accused me of stealing it. gave me a zero and reported me to the principal and i was in serious trouble until my parents came in and fixed it all
Can you relax?  - [0:18]
GET YOUR HANDS OFF MY PENIS!
Israelis: "Ni&amp;&amp;ers go home!"  - [1:34]
This
 video title is like showing a Westboro Baptist Church protest of 50 people and titling it "Americans: 'get rid of the gays'.

It's disingenuous
Low intelligence Fallout is the best way to play
A tardnado?

edit: Thanks for the gold, kindly stranger!
Oprah gets upset when That's So Raven actress Raven Symone, looks past color division to call her self an "American".  - [2:51]
Yeah, she didn't say she isn't black... just that she's not african, that colour shouldn't matter.
Extremely Well Trained Dog  - [0:56]
Well in that case I would start with a Malinois.
Governor Chris Christie embarrassed by property tax figures, so he erases them
There
 are three reasons Rick Perry would fail as a candidate for President in
 the general election.  First, the electorate still has a strong wary streak for anyone flaunting Texas gumption on a national stage.  Also, Gov. Perry inspires very little confidence with his grasp of the issues.
  Then . . . I forget the third thing.
Cutest little kitty rescued from inside of a car spring.  - [3:01]
http://i.minus.com/iLWyFrs23XUKn.gif
Guy builds paperplane machinegun with automated folding mechanism.  - [0:42]
As
 one of those responsible for the German localization of Portal 2 (only a
 few small bits, but I was involved in the lemon stuff with my senior colleague (so I didn't have a lot of say in the matter)), let me tell you that it's fucking difficult to find a good expression for scenes which you have no context for (not even dialogue, just plain text). Even
 more problematic that he goes on and on about those lemons, but I really did like the "Zitronengranaten", although there are always dissenters.  

The main problem with games localization is that the studios often use people with no acting capabilities whatsoever. As the translator you
 can only do so much with text. The voice actor brings it to life...or fails at that, BUT that being said it is like you stated: Voice actors for games more often than not just DO read text from a piece of paper (again, no dialogues). They, just as we, do not see the context. At least not always. It's more like: Here's text, now read it. This is also
 true for the voice acting in English or whatever. Look at RPGs with multiple dialogue options for example...like Mass Effect. Some of the lines are falsely pronounced, because there is no real "progression" of the dialogue. Character X just tells you about item Y, then your character can ask what item Y is and the intonation is all wrong, like he never heard of item Y before. You know what I mean?  

It is difficult from a technical standpoint to make that context readily available, because unlike with a movie, you can't just go forward and backward. You'd have to use cheats just to get to certain dialogue scenes and even then it is often not possible to have everything on screen. It's also about money. Imagine how much time it would cost to have the translator and voice actor see all dialogue in context.  

With Valve I can tell you they do care and we were definitely not the
 cheapest and most unknown vendor (quite the contrary). As for the sound
 studio, they are not some small unknown studio either as far as I can remember. It's just genuinely hard to set up the whole process, because frankly, most gaming companies are not very experienced at localisation.
 They had 1 individual for Valve I think who managed the whole chain. That dude can impossibly QA everything himself, because it's not in the budget and it would take a ridiculous amount of time.  

That being said I may be biased, but Portal 2 is one of the better localisations out there. The English is still superior, but that is also
 due to accents. It is incredibly difficult to get these across. How do you voice a typical Texas cowboy in German? There is no reference. You can't just have someone talk in Bavarian, because no one would understand him and it wouldn't fit, so you typically go with your standard German accent, which makes everything seem dull in comparison to the English. Also back to the Portal 2 stuff: Wheatly was voiced by the German voice actor of Brad Pitt as far as I can hear, so he definitely is not a no name and personally I think he sounds rather good
 here. Again, how would you get the accent of that fabulous British comedian across? It's unfortunately just not possible. At least Valve let us listen to the voices before we had to translate the text for some
 of the lines.  

The next thing is length restriction. You have to keep your translation in accordance with the original length. I had planned to extend the dialogue you see in the game quite a bit, but it was not possible, because of the pacing, so we had to cut away a lot of text in the end, which felt really terrible.  

Please also note that I am not here to berate you, just trying to explain the ridiculously complex process behind localisation and that Portal 2 is one of the worst examples to use in that case, because it's actually quite good. :) That being said your argument is valid for many other titles and I cannot comment on those, because our agency did very little in regards to gaming. Always keep in mind that there is a big fucking chain of people and stuff going on behind the scenes, all of whom are rarely ever in contact with each other and that most of us just
 have to make do with what we have, thanks! We also always try to improve whenever possible, but in the end it is all about money and time
 I'm afraid :/  

PS: Well bugger. Gold? Uuuugh, thanks, I guess? :) Of all the things I get gilded for it's for talking about work. wow.
Key &amp; Peele - Text Conversation
Peeling
 back the onion a little further -- our moms were friends in their early
 twenties. They kept in touch and sometimes visited each other, so me and the poet knew each other as kids but not too well as adults.

Her mother kind of turned into a man-hater (not sure why) and instilled that mentality into her daughter. I'm assuming she thought my mom  did the same thing to me. 

When this book thing happened, she probably contacted me because a) I
 was a family friend b) I had become a filmmaker and c) I'd do it for close to nothing, if not nothing. 

That's how I figure it anyway. Again, I didn't really get to know her
 as an adult until we started working together, so I was really shocked at how extreme she had become.

MAN, this got WAYYY off topic.
This jackass almost made me lose my flight.
the TSA is pretty efficient, actually - you used to have to wait till you got to grampa's to be molested.
Republicans are trying to make sure minorities and young people don't vote this November.

If you're concerned about 30$ every 8 years to vote I'd say we are doing pretty dam well.


I'd say unconstitutional under the 24th Amendment to the Constitution.
Republicans are trying to make sure minorities and young people don't vote this November.

Do explain how this is a tax. 


Can you vote without spending money for an ID?  No?  Then it is a poll tax.


are you up in arms over the ACA, which has a far more significant impact and shits all over the constitution.


I first need to know what you think the ACA is.


Can we say keep the ID requirement and provide "free" ID's?


That is a legal requirement in all of these laws.  I would be OK with
 this as long as it is phased in over a LONG time period and BILLIONS are spent advertising that it will soon be required and going door to door if necessary to make sure everyone knows about it (ie spend more than was spent on the digital TV switch)
Republicans are trying to make sure minorities and young people don't vote this November.

When I go to the bank to deposit money I have to show my ID


Many Americans do not have a bank account


When I want to buy alcohol I have to show my ID


Not every American drinks


Going to the airport I have to show my ID to get through security


Not every American can afford to vacation


To legally drive my car I had to get a driver's license ID from the DMV


Not every American drives a car


Also the IDs are not expensive. Maybe $20-30 and if its a driver's license its good for many years before you need to get renewed.


So as long as it only costs $20-30, poll taxes are OK?
Republicans are trying to make sure minorities and young people don't vote this November.
Poll Taxes are against the constitution. Requiring IDs that cost money before you can vote violates the constitution. 
Its Always Sunny Outtakes (Season 8)
Outtakes for seasons 2-7 of It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia. [40:22]

Outtakes split by season (Some with better quality):


Season 2
Season 3
Season 4
Season 5
Season 6
Season 7
Season 8 MIRROR. [Youtube mirror, credit to  
http://i.imgur.com/w4xzN4H.gif

Thanks for the gold! 
Republicans are trying to make sure minorities and young people don't vote this November.
Sure,
 if getting an ID was as easy as just going somewhere, filling out a form and getting your photo taken. But there's a little matter of supporting documentation. Not everyone has a lockbox at the bank with their birth certificate in it, waiting to be needed.

Older people were born in the days before super-stringent record keeping and could have a hard time getting a copy of it, if one even exists. Some people are caught in a catch-22, where they need to show a birth certificate to obtain ID, but they need to show ID to obtain a copy of their birth certificate. Getting copies of birth certificates also isn't free, so that's effectively a poll tax.

Then there's the matter of getting to the DMV. Lots of older people don't drive, and if there's no public transit and people have no friends
 or family who can take them, their only option is an expensive taxi ride.

Even if the ID is free, it's still gonna cost money to get one-- money that not everyone has.
Republicans are trying to make sure minorities and young people don't vote this November.
No
 the DNC isnt what we all want, but you are also cherry-picking. Have you seen what goes on in states controlled by the GOP? We are seeing a return of back-alley abortions, laws that very effectively keep unions out, tax breaks that serve corporations and hurt the poor, theocracy injected into education and government, and on and on. Dont pretend that
 letting the GOP take full controlof the Senate and the presidency will be no big deal. Its only because young people voted that we avoided an occupation of Iran and Iraq. The right loves what youre selling though as their base will show up every single time.

Edit: Thanks for the gold!
Republicans are trying to make sure minorities and young people don't vote this November.
Time
 off from work, public transit, keeping said documents needed to get an ID secure (especially when they want the originals)... and if you screw any of it up, you have to start the whole process over another day.
TotalBiscuits surgery a success, being moved to recovery now
GabeN
 appeared next to TotalBiscuits bed in the recovery room. TotalBuscuit was still asleep from his surgery. A tear filled the Glorious eyes of GabeN as he looked down upon the mortal god.

GabeN: "One day you will join me in eternal glory, but not today. They still need you."

GabeN placed his hand on TotalBiscuits forehead and with a smile, he vanished just as TotalBiscuit opened his eyes.



edit: I am grateful for the gold.
Governor Chris Christie embarrassed by property tax figures, so he erases them
As a teacher in Philly, it's depressing as fuck. 
Roses are blue
What a stupi... wololoGreat joke!
Republicans are trying to make sure minorities and young people don't vote this November.
I am going to use this. I am not going to give you credit when I do.
Republicans are trying to make sure minorities and young people don't vote this November.
So vote third party.

If you're not voting, you're an asshole.
'I touched my face with gloves': nurse with Ebola
I'm so jealous. 5 karma and already gilded?

Edit: Well I didn't think I'd actually get gold for that haha
Republicans are trying to make sure minorities and young people don't vote this November.
Not according to census.gov. Their 2013 data shows that people living below the poverty line is made up of:  


<li>White 42.4%
Black 24.9%
Asian 4.0%
Hispanice 28.7%


As you can see, whites make up almost half, meaning minorities make up the majority of people living in poverty.  

These are the raw numbers. Let's take a look at what percent of each race is living under the poverty line:  


White 9.6%
Black 27.2%
Asian 10.5%
Hispanice 23.5%


You can draw your own conclusions here, but you can see how poverty affects minorities differently than whites.  

edit: thanks gold giver :)
Republicans are trying to make sure minorities and young people don't vote this November.
It's
 not that African Americans, or Hispanics can't obtain the required documents. It is that for certain people will have a more difficult time
 in doing so--and that's the point. To try and suggest something else shows that you are truly ignorant of the huge economic divides in our society.

We should be making it easier for everyone to participate in the democratic process.. not trying to make it as excruciating of an experience as possible.
I graded and commentated on a console fanboy's YouTube comment
What
 slanderous attacks hast thou thrown against my good name, thou contemptible wench? Whereas I have risen even unto the foremost rank in the Royal Admiralty; whereas I have on many an occasion partaken in clandestine crusades against the Saracens; whereas by mine hands have fallen barbarians numbering some fifteen score; whereas I am most skilled in the ways of the ape warrior; whereas I am the premier marksman amongst all of our Kingdom's knights: Thou art in my sights but
 yet another quarry. The Lord be my witness, I shall smite thee as no-one under the sun hath heretofore been smitten. Dost thou deign to fancy thyself secure to cast thy spittle upon my face from behind the Spider's Veil? Then thou hast wandered into grievous error. Yea, even at
 this very moment, I am sending word across the land to my fellow Templars, and the provenance of thy scrivenings shall in short time become known unto me. A veritable maelstrom of vengeance is upon thy gates, thou wretched worm, which surely shall obliterate thy loathsome pretension of life. Truly, thou art foregone, child. I move as swift as the wind, and with mine own two hands I may at my pleasure slay thee in any of thirty and five score modes. For verily as I am a master in the pugilistic arts, even so doth the manifold armory of the Royal Guard lie
 at my beck and call, which in its plenitude of power I shall not delay to unleash upon thee, that thy fœtid flesh may no longer pollute this land with its presence, thou pitiful putrescence. Would that thou couldst have foreseen what great wrath thou hast by thy "brazen" jocosity summoned upon thyself! Perhaps thou wouldst have rather kept shut thy filth-spewing mouth. But neither couldst thou thus foresee, nor
 didst thou take heed of prudence, and thou art now reaping what thou hast sown, thou accursèd simpleton. I will excrete rage all round about thee, wherein shalt thou be consumed. Thou hast shuffled off this mortal
 coil, urchin.
'I touched my face with gloves': nurse with Ebola
Level
 5 is when Morgan Freeman gets on TV and addresses the nation, imploring
 us all to hug our loved ones, and then wishes us 'good luck.'
Oprah gets upset when That's So Raven actress Raven Symone, looks past color division to call her self an "American".  - [2:51]
Oprah needs to teach Raven how profitable it is to divide people. 

EDIT : Wow... Thanks, whoever you are, for Reddit Gold. 

EDIT2 : More Reddit Gold? You people rock... Who knew calling out Oprah's division profiteering was so profitable?
Remember the guys that climbed the tower in Shanghai? They've struck again, but with a twist.  - [4:16]
That is some modern day CyberPunk shit - love it!

.

Futuristic Neon Hong Kong?

[x] Yes - [ ] No

Punks parkouring/scaling stuff impressively?

[x] Yes - [ ] No

Drones flying the skyline?

[x] Yes - [ ] No

Hacking a building?

[x] Yes - [ ] No

Engaging in cyber-vandalism to promote city wide messages?

[x] Yes - [ ] No

EDIT: Thanks for the gold - that was a surprise!
Terminally ill fathers last request to see the last installment of The Hobbit with his family before he dies...
I
 don't know if this will be much help, but I passed the link onto my landlord who works in the special effects department for weta, and asked
 if there was anyone he could pass it along to, that could possibly help, fingers crossed he does. And best wishes to your whole family, my mum passed away last year of cancer, I know what a tough time you all must be having. Good luck! :) 

EDIT: Thank you to whoever gifted me my first reddit gold :)
UPDATE:I've heard back from my landlord, he said they haven't finished the movie yet, working really hard to get it finished, he said if you have any contact details he will pass them along to the production crew and will see if they can help in anyway, so if you want to pass me your contact details I will pass them along, he said the crew screening probably won't be till late November, but you never know, perhaps there's a way they can show the unfinished version 
Oprah gets upset when That's So Raven actress Raven Symone, looks past color division to call her self an "American".  - [2:51]
I
 don't get why anyone should care. In the UK people aren't 'african-british', they're just British. It pretty much just reinforces difference IMO. Being proud of it is pretty stupid as well given the fact that every race except for white people can say they're proud and nobody bats an eyelid. That's racism in itself. The reality is, it's a genetic lottery and the fact you came out the way you did shouldn't be
 relevant at all. Unfortunately it is.
still haven't downloaded facebook messenger
The
 biggest problem with Messenger that {Insert random self-appointed "Tech
 Specialist" on 24 hour news-channel here} pointed out was the privacy and permissions the app was asking for. In light of that I went ahead and made a 

edit: Obligatory Thanks for the Gold!
Sacha Baron Cohen as an "idiotic football hooligan" on the set of 2015's "Grimsby"
Jean Capris. One step down from actually having douchebag tattooed on your forehead.
 edit: Many >thanks to the person who shares the same opinion on jean capris as >myself.

